I am looking forward to do the plan .
What do you usually eat as your breakfast ?
In the evening , sometimes cold and sometimes mild .
More works , more money . . . .
But I run with this bike only 1800 km !
Because something bad happens in my home .
I can not speak it with fluency yet , however , I would love to enjoy learning English : D
I 'd always heard
When I was in highschool , I wanted to be a teacher of elementary school .
I have nothing to say just want to learn english well .
If someone do not wake me up , I might be continuosly sleeping .
homework every weekend so it 's hard for me .
I want to speak foreigner .
Im very happy !
I DON ' T AGREE WITH IT .
In these days I 've become more confident in my decisions .
Grandma , I miss you so much but I ca n't be with you this 7 - day holiday .
I am little bit tired and feel like I came back from big jorney or something ^ ^ but I think I really did enjoyed her staying at my house !
I eat three meals a day instead of eating many cookie as a meal at home sometimes .
I 'm going to Hukushima with my boyfriend and club frieds in February .
But I think this chance has never encountered to me .
He ai n't no that kind of man who lets his anger out so easily and still feels so fine .
We found a cicada was emerging on the fence .
It was really hard to me , because I was shy in front of strangers .
I image all of you know this such excellent film .
Another band is originalband .
If I do n't like to go church ,
I ' ts my favorite tailor 's shop ! !
The one who is to screem is ME !
I saw each year countdown festival from bradocasting television .
Anyway , I could enjoy the fun - run race yesterday .
And we 'll make an itinerary in a hurry .
I can name up several other project man has
So I 'm preparing for the visa application now .
But at least , if the train that I ride do n't reach a station on time , we ca n't meet same place .
Because I know a this game 's rule very well .
Before registering organic chemistry course , I thought It would not that difficult .
Most of schools ' course start in July or in February .
We are supposed to go separate at Sinjuku at 11pm after seeing her off .
Doctor is older than me .
This movie 's title is slamdog $ millionaire .
My understanding is that `` translator `` deals with written language , and `` interpreter `` deals with spoken language .
I was listening to CNN Student news , interviews turned out better .
The library has many magazine ,
because a gust is so strong .
I asked him that `` what are you doing ? ``
I drink a lot of water to avoid becoming a heatstroke .
The end is warm but make me sad .
It opened today 's noon .
Do you have your favorite place ?
I responded `` I 'm OK do n't worry `` and left home .
But , this last wednesday , I knew by Internet that the kagrra 's concert was canceled becouse there was a problem with somes visas U _ _ U
because I ` ve just entered this Lng - 8 seite since 3 days ago !
I will stay overnight at lodging near to the top of Mt .
I have to prepare clothes , tools ( a transformer , a fitted plug etc . . . ) , and so on .
She told me last lesson that she wanted to visit Asakusa so I took a lot of picture for her .
I was very happy to make some firneds and I want to make them since now .
( 1 ) A local staff who wishes to take special or sick leave , shall be required to obtain a prior written consent ( annex No . 5 attached hereto ) from the principal or the curriculum coordinator in accordance with the list of the special paid leave and sick leave attached hereto ( annex No . 6 attached hereto )
I have dry skin so I worry about winter .
I bought sports shirt for my father though .
Even so it costs $ 300000 if a child graduate a university .
Eventually , I completed my paper works today .
I am , for the first time , by reading .
When I entered my room , Suddenly , I were feeling so tired .
I have 4 quizes almost everyday .
I really do n't feel like going becuase I have other things to do at home .
I have four straight holidays next week !
I was very happy while I was searching for books .
And the people who are in the progressive camp insist that the conservative campe are using the death of the North politicain as a their political position making advantageous .
Getting through my meanings makes me feel fantastic !
Today my three friends and I went to Fujikyu High - Land which was amusement park in border between Yamanashi prefecture and Shizuoka prefecture .
I went to the Bon Dance Festival at the Tsukiji Hongan - ji , the buddhism temple in Tokyo , with my friend .
My english teacher sudddenly said us to raise the tuition .
It 's March and the season for entrance .
And I think korean music should have a change .
I think you had meal a lot after swimming , do n't you ?
Yesterday had a bad day .
I began learning English a year and half ago , but my English skill is not grown , so I try to communicate in English .
Then , he explained , `` Tonight 's dinner was too heavy to eat for me .
I had tryied speaking correctly but if I did so , the words would not come out .
The dramas may be very popular in USA .
I could not repond to most of these questions .
Now , I think it 's time to back to practice , to start `` learning `` again , writing in this website and speaking on skype .
New kind of web service was appered last year in Japan .
I bought a curtain for my room in dormitory because original curtain was too thin and old .
First was vocabrary , Next was grammer .
Then , it is already morning in Japan , so I will go to bet .
This experience sure tell us what is suitable for us and what we should do .
This year , I enjoy in this festival because this is my holiday .
But All I do in weekends is loaf around the house , so I 'd like to refresh
I had many mistakes at a first exam , especially speaking section ! !
realy , I have n't been studying it , I hope you can help me .
anyway , today mother came back to home with bread .
I have no plan to live in Tokyo at all , but I eager to live such an expensive room ! !
This photo is of a swimming pool .
Tmrrw I 'll try to tweet more often .
So , I want to watch a game in Hamburg .
poublic lottery
I want to go hot spring !
intruduce myself
I 'm sure you can have fun .
I plan to buy a bag by the internet shopping .
When I started school life at my age of 7 , my mother used to teach me after school .
And few days ago , an american man called me .
Today I went to a bookshop and browsed some books .
By the way I am becoming a little nervous these days because of the pressure of job hunting , , and I often feel lonliness .
We had a drink party for our college who 's gon na get married this weekend , wonderful !
so my English could be improved quickly !
Then you can wide awake .
I had a bad memory about a typhoon .
If I try my best this in a week , It coming summer vacation long - awaited .
It calls `` Koshien `` , because it is taken in baseball stadium named `` Koshien `` .
im so exgusted , I just finished teuk kong mu sool which is called ma shal arts ? ? ( I do n't know how spell it is , , , )
How to buy the parts of products .
It is serious thing to me .
I baked breads first time
I know some foriegners who learn japanese in Japan in order to read japanese comics and see japanese animations in japanese .
How come my listening ability could be so partial to Friends !
In my Highschool days , I always thought about alien .
After my children go to school , I start studying English about 3hours .
I am here whisper to myself .
He is fantastic comic actor .
It was just 20counts .
I had a plan on that day , so left my house during they were installing the meter .
All you need is only Boiled chestnuts and sugar .
or Could you tell me the way to the point B ?
Bisides they bite a lot of spots at once .
I have to prepare something like winter goods .
If you do not give candy to the girl who gave you chocolate you are considered unkind and rude wether you like the girl or not .
I enjoy talking with people who is learning English .
I have to find an apartment in Hokkaido , Japan because It set to go to a university in Hokkaido from April this year for one year .
Now , I am woking at LG Chemical Research park in korea .
I could see really beautiful view espcially today .
Then I plan computer the remaning day .
Do you know kotatu ?
A few minutes later we began to clean again .
It 's a very inconvenient , as I usually study English using my computer .
Generally he gave her fifteen and beat her , but today she won easily . ``
Now I move to the anther room and than we never speak any thing each other together .
My company provide us lunch every day .
There is not enough facilities to
He prescribed a month medication shampoo for me .
I 've just finished my all tests and reports ! !
But opposite to joy , we will face traffic jam ! !
I have came home a short time ago .
My eldest daughter is really free spirited .
I hate the house without mom , I feel lonely without her .
Generally , I guess Japanese tends to like new and complex things .
The line was somehow stuticky .
It is one of the most important problems about Japanese working condition .
Plz loot at me .
To survive the global market , Japanese companies must change thier recoginition about the importance of management education .
This country is too hot , today it was 50celsius degree !
I 'll stay for three nights four days and visit two companies .
This phenomenon is getting serious and should pay more attention on it .
I am looking forward to the Golden Week .
this is really an interesting website , he must be a genius to build this ! ok . .
( now I 've been living in Tokyo for one and half of years and I had lived seoul for 5 years )
I was very happy but very sad , so cried .
But I already changed my mind about working when I got sick by working hard .
I always eat lunch at dining room in company .
I think it more popular .
I 've build the green house for a month , because my father asked me to help building it .
It was very very hot summer .
I am happy to get together with classmates and professors .
I 'll try to drink it , I hope I getting better sooner .
I think true hospitality is two parts .
I sometimes heard that `` You love plan ~ `` , I reading books that relative my future and I favorite CEO is ' Steven job 's ' to Apple company CEO .
First , I like reading and writing .
I 'd like to know how the nuance will change among them .
She replied `` I became a good cook `` .
It was my first time to sit a massage chair .
I almost bursted into tears when watching them .
My father always dreamt to be a pilot but he did n't pass medical examination and decided to work at Voronezh aircraft plant .
There are a lot of games with the motif in Japan .
In Japan after students graduate from junior high school , most of students will enter high school .
I am planning to go abroad about one year after and to study fashion desigh in England or France .
I will go Disneyland and Ocean Park .
In the summer vocation my
I upload daily supper on Twitpic .
He had skelton body , so I thought he was god of death !
The white bridemaid : `` I do n't wanna book .
Near I land in 300 mile .
so It could be a proof that my English has been improving .
Sometimes , drunk old men with Tigars ' caps are wondering on a street in Osaka . haha .
Although this comic and anime is represented comically , after watched that , I somehow have good feeling because the end of a story will always be happy .
I also saw police officer went to catch a pig on the country road which ran away from the jail .
And writing is here , Lang - 8 .
By the way , today would be the busiest day for me in this month .
I 'm sorry for bad snap and bad cameraman .
It spent about 6hours lunch .
Russian history is so interesting I 'd love to know more .
I want to hear many thought .
He has had a high feaver and been coughing .
And one of the leaving guys told me that Facebook was very easy to keep in touch .
I 've sorta recently met a teenage girl who seems to have been
But we will have series of holidays five days ! !
I 'm poor at English especially .
Fortunately , an umbrella was been in the office .
In conclude , developed countries should help the poor countries economically .
Not be lazy , be diligent .
Then his wife finally forced him to have a mobile phone .
I 'm a fourth undergraduate .
The story was much more interesting then I had expected !
But then I realized it was the interesting one ; therefore , I have registered here .
And this is my new tattoos !
Because I use same station with her , we can see when we wanna talk .
This way occur gastritis and can be obesity again , for the that reason ,
Next game , korea will match Argentina .
Not having gone to shopping for a while , I was as excited as she was .
I finished my work at 5 : 00p . m . and went home immediately .
My poor English was enough to live and stay in foreign country but to apply and adjust it into business and any knowledge is totally different story .
Yesterday while she and I were having dinner at her house , she said that she would have her birthday two days latter .
I ca n't talk well and ca n't explain my feeling when doing voice chat .
This band is very known to Japan .
I like spicy food , of course .
I often talk to myself , Can I work well ?
There , we 've been giving the summer courses for junior high school students since the end of July .
Of course , it is true but I 'm not an easy going person like that my friends think .
I agree to early - childhood English education .
So my colorful some clothes was always my boast !
What is the matter ? ``
And I like music , Funk , Rock , Jazz , Bossa - nova , so fun !
( So I think sunflower is one of flowers that I should love )
The candidates of blender are as follows :
After that , we went to Pizza hat .
In those days , many samurai were killed because they prevent from opening the country to the world .
we just must go there . .
I 'm a japanese living near Tokyo .
Movie `` the fago `` is really scary .
My mother in low shall temporally be a census taker next month .
I think , Kyoto has a many good place for watching it .
And I want to know different culture too .
Finally , we can use Lang - 8 more easily than computers !
Recently , I try to improve my spoken english and listening .
but now , I seem to know the reason that anakin has changed to darkside .
Do you interented in news ?
In the apartment , I can use a pool , gym , party room and DVD theater .
So now here is GW .
But I have not the remainded of my free times .
I ca n't communicate well with them .
This is the reason for it .
today 's work is packing stuffs for abroad performance ( in china )
There are always implicit connections between us and our ancestors .
real is the thing that can not be able to prove it 's fake ! !
suddenly she relized her cell phone was stolen .
But the people who work at the office said that I should hand in medical examination or go back to Japan to cure my disease and come back to study .
I was starving , because I did n't eat breakfast and lunch .
And I will go on Biz trip on next Tuesday to Korea .
I past the test , oh yeah !
We still need to save electricity , so I think gas fan heater is good for it , but I have n't found a good one yet .
The doctor told me that may cause the self - physiology , it 's congenital .
`` 0 `` is nothing .
It 's only been a day since I bought it .
It reported the original information and results , and had detailed and reliable data .
Thre were UFOs in my house .
I want only walk and look how awaking nature .
Only this time I did n't wear my pullover anymore ( I took it off on my way down ) , so I could feel her claws hook into my shoulder ( outch ) .
Fire happened in a electric wire which is in front of my house yesterday .
whether we trust or not .
It is the end .
Tomorrow , I have a work as a hall stuff member but I have a holiday day after tommorrow , so I can stand it .
It 's been a while I traveled abrord last time .
She did n't seach about USA culture well .
Maybe there are a lot of mistakes .
After that , we had lunch at a sandwich restraunt .
and other meaning is , we busy by cooking new year dish at eve and we clean up our house at end of year .
I hope I can recover fully and work hard like I used to .
I do n't know defferent between American 's anime and Japanese anime .
Today I got a holiday , and went to the guitar shop to buy ukulele .
So now I write a manuscript , If you like , check it please check it .
Especially , my favorite is a steamed meat bun ! !
I 'm studying English for studying in British university next year .
It 's sunny day !
My younger son who is one year old has a cold .
she is very easy to be angry .
But , I watched TV all a day .
especially , this violin is the most use .
Admission test can pick out good students among many students
It motivated me a lot and I felt a little freaked out .
I have never learnd how to write Japanese .
So I disagree using cell - phones in the school .
He was not able to find his bait even if I put it right beside his eyes or mouth .
I checked whether some imformation came to my email box .
Perhaps it would take only half the time !
I went to Singapole restaurant tonight .
They was very very exciting for me .
I bought the new guitar last Thursday !
Next Wednesday , our 2nd grade go to school trip .
good bye
And I gave each of them a souvenir of Tokyo which is an amulet I bought in The Tokyo Daimyojin .
He told me he could n't sleep while his new rented room was n't equipped with air conditioner yet , and one night he had to sleep in a square .
I am actually concernd about it .
so I spent my time relaxing at home . . . but sometimes I feel like to sick . . . I felt that I hate doing alone . . . .
And on the other hand , I accidentally broke my glasses last night , so today I had to ware a broken glasses fixed by transparent plastic sheets , which is not only ugly but also made my view fuzzy and made me dizzy .
I 've started to watch `` Full House `` in English without any subtitles since today .
If you have , I would be very happy if you could tell me !
Though I do n't eat a lot normally , going to buffe restaurant made me want to have a lot more foods than I eat usually !
Twitter can bring to you great informations ( news , reviews of products , construtive opnions ) but can igually bring futile garbage like what your `` following `` is doing at the moment ( For example eating breakfast , who cares about it ? )
In Islam , there is one god
I knew some masterpieces 's titles , their characteristics and why they are so important in art history something like that .
My first dialy in English for you
I introduce you to Japanese gossip .
I 'm going to school , what which means ?
I often met the foreigners who do not learn the language even they stay the country long period .
The Japanese government right now review it 's nuclear energy policy due to this Fukusham nuclear disaster .
kaiga
Do n't know why I 'm a lot more nervous about going to a new job this time than going to my last 2 jobs . . .
I got a job .
Actually we , Japanese eat internal organ sashimi .
The drama also tells us a daily life in the White House .
That will make a lot of opportunity for many people to try your one .
Among these times , I cooked for my boyfriend everyday , and felt very happiness when he said `` it 's delicious `` .
I went to study group of CMS ( Contents Management System , internet systems for blog and website , like WordPress ) and made discusssion with members .
Which is correct word ?
Sometimes , I feel I seem like a real teacher .
But , one rainy day , her brother Jin disapired . . . .
We have a lot of firework 's festivals in summer every year .
Yesterday I visited a temple in Sunchun .
I was corrected , especially article .
Yon know , everybody hate losing , but he does more .
He was criticized for `` Koshi - Pan `` .
So Tomorrow I 'll try to finish the job no matter how volumes the job remains . : )
I am first univercity student .
I hope I do good .
But please make a friend of me .
Everytime I went to my grandmom 's house , they would ask me `` Where is Melissa ?
The second video clip is the original one that Miku is singing .
I stepped on a blake and stopped .
I was born in Kansai area in Japan so I love a comedy show very much and they make me relax .
Other teams did n't disguise .
Yesterday , when I had to go to school by bike , the thermometer registered - 15 Celcius !
the dark knight is directed by Christopher Nolan I think he is a great film director , I watched Following , Mement , Insomnia , the prestage , these movies directed by him , and these movies are amazing .
There 's some very good music too - soundtrack is on the Internet if you want to download it .
And this is a Japanease Anime .
I 'm very afraid to got new boyfriend .
I have to practice to cook a hamburger from now .
I try to listen to other people 's opinion .
I hope it will be not only an interesting , but well paid job too .
It was two story .
I go to bed .
Although I 'm a beginner of the ipod , I would like to do many things with mine .
If you have n't been here , it will be a pity .
Of course , when I was an university student , I had my hair dyed blond , dark red and any color I want like other youths to express themselves by changing hair colors .
We stayed at beach reading books , playing games ( Othello and Sudoku ) during daytime .
If you know a good web site , please let me know that URL .
Therefore , whatever what kind of life you want , it 's our choice .
This is a kind of hard .
I do n't like studying , but I like only studying English !
If I had n't met them , I would n't have been me today .
I made Stir - fried veggies N mushrooms .
Looking at the Christmas tree , I thought the year 2008 was going to an end and time passed really quickly .
would you know ?
I think it 's been getting worse especially after starting learning English on `` Lang - 8 `` , which is now even my hobby .
Yet I still have to extract some time to do these work
Yesterday , I made dinner for 4 items .
He looked my juice and said `` it looks delicious , it looks delicious . ``
I wonder someone might invite me to a prom !
moving distance is over 1000km . . .
I had known that I have cat allergy .
My hobby is listen to music .
I used to live in Sydney , Australia from April 2004 to July 2005 .
So you do n't need to stand the long training to finally see your enemies face .
My work was so hard , so she came here and helped me .
I signed up lang - 8 this morning , I hope this site can help me improving my english writting and make friends with you who speak english !
There is no doubt that it is not good for our environment to bulid a factory in our community .
If you decied taking a exercise , What would like to do ?
Yesterday , I walked aound university 's campus with my new friend .
We entered a kind of information center , A lady explained us
This is not a problem of the technology but a problem of the society , and might be a problem of man 's fate .
Who do you like in singers ?
Although it was raining outside , but I thought it would increase my opportunity for buying the tickets , Since in the rainy day , most of people usually do n't like to go to outside for watching movies .
but I fall in love with it as the first eyesight .
And in my car , I can sing unreservedly .
My husband and I sang some song and had a good time .
I was working at the office on 10th floor of the building .
The Japanese shop is opened store on Sunday .
Which do you think more cool ?
I do n't know if I can survive or not .
I can hit at batting center , but I could n't in game .
Does anyone knows what are my problems ?
For a long time I 've missed Apple Cider .
yesterday . . .
Because my boss is very careless for work .
For instance , since I want to spend much time for my hobbies , I need much time .
But My hands were as cold as ice !
Last weekend I got an informetion that one public school near my home now try to recruit new Chinese teacher .
My wife 's father is going to go Yamanashi prefecture for his job .
At the counter , I heard Thai guides discussed something about how to change the flight for their Thai tourists as they necessarily had to go back to Bangkok on the day .
It has been 4 months since I came Sydney .
There are little difference between firt and now .
Shell I use Good evening replace Good night ?
I 've heard one of my co - workers quit his job in next July .
What I was concerned was if English software would work on my Japanease OS .
A man picked up fallen things and put them back to the shelf in a convenience store , joined the line to buy some goods , waited patiently and paid for them .
I bet you like it .
It was surprised me .
However , they are going to continue for a while .
This is not as strict as the seats on the train because most people take those when they ca n't take other seats .
I hope they will publish the site to the world .
I can tell good articles from some that are not well - written but when it comes to correcting them , it seems to be beyond my scope .
It seemed easy , but I had to learn intransitive verb and transitive verb .
( Actually , I 'm not 30 yet , but my age is shown so at the Profile . )
It 's hard for me Japanese why you feel it because we do n't use the way often like you English people .
PLEASE , help me with it , because I do n't know how it will be right to say .
How to improve my English composition writing ~ ~ ~
It takes only 30 seconds by foot !
This is my first time to write something here .
If so , is language fee expensive or do yo have a plan to take lesson ?
Thank you for sharing such precious time .
For a long time , I could n't only log in [ Lang - 8 ]
Before we left , he just had time to talking with me .
Oh , Bummer .
I take away something inspirational from `` Meiji shrine ``
After drinking , I went to club for the first time ! ( My friend took me thereX ) ) Dancind with music was so exciting .
Now it is raining and sometimes snowing in the cetral Tokyo area .
M team is winner !
Recently , many Chinese go to their family 's tomb for annual Tomb Sweeping Day .
In body pump , we use dumbbels like attached picture .
Thai name is difficult to read , I guess .
The menu of the restrant are Sushi ! !
Sincerely
If we are very kind to the workers , they will like you and help you sometimes when you have to do a kind of very difficult things .
So I deside learn English every day up , I belive that I will sccess in june .
I came to Brisbane 6 weeks ago .
And then , last Sunday , I went to Ayumi Hamasaki 's concert with my friends .
Of course I love this story , but I more love that music .
Because I want to reduce my weight .
I love the quiet songs that at some point do n't become quiet any more but they make you feel the greatness of the moment .
I have caught a cold for about one week .
My personal computer got brorke .
make the daily life slowdown ,
Before travel to Cambodia , I watched a Japanese movie treats children 's prostitution and sales in Thailand .
But , this gyms exercising manual was very hard to me .
Suddenly I realize the fall is passing by me .
but maybe I had n't spoken English not so much , I could n't speak very well .
unbelievable !
But I want enjoy it .
But the reason why I decided to learn it is to make me more healthy .
I 'm living in Hokkaido where is the most north part of Japan like Alaska in US , and I 've been studying English since 2 years ago .
It is hard to wait trains at cold station .
I just want to improve good speaking and writing skills in English .
There are thousands of photos in my HDDs , but there are several photos I was taken .
That answer was so simple ,
I think they 'll be good singers !
but I typed the word wrong .
They are made from various ornament like pictures of babies , nation flags all over the world and all that .
Many people enjoy watching snow statues , but for Hokkaido people , it seems to be not interesting very much .
I want to enter Hitotubashi University .
I want to be like they .
I am a Japanese .
Awake at 3am
Today as I get the photo that I played guitar in my rock band
So I 'm studying English so hard ! ! !
I wander why he was so angry . .
I met the friend at a station who played a sax .
He is just 7 months .
He use his broad knowledge to find animals of desert , then observe them and tell us their characteristic with limit time .
Their journal were pretty interesting .
My family did n't say until I notice it .
I attend a class that pratise my oral English .
I learned that diary is the note which I write everyday 's special things .
We have a tea break before lunch time and it 's about 11 : 00 .
please look my sentense and correct that
I seek help and include , but this friends always have a distort vision about me .
Score was just 700 . . .
I 'll go to bed early to take some rest and adjust myself for work .
I really want to get football shirt of CSKA Moscow right now ! ! ! !
I do n't know how these questions came to my mind , well I was reading a personal development book , while I was reading I just realized how many things in my life should be organized and changed , and I was wondering if there are some things are parts of me and I ca n't change .
In the other hand , children dis nit learn missed language , in the other word , they did not learn anything .
I 'll write diary everyday ,
The playground was full of grass .
They are so tasty ! ! ! !
In 25th and 25th of July a big traditional festival is held in Osaka .
is not used person 's name usually .
So I went .
I do n't know how to say about that .
I enjoy what I 'm doing but , I 'm standing at the crossroads of 2 different lifes .
I practiced translating in Japanese to English today .
My friend and me went to the Barbecued beef bar .
but still , I sometimes wanna say `` fuck you very much ! `` in his face .
I realy enjoy writing my journal and reading other people 's ones .
In foot race he finished at the bottom .
It 's very fine this morning , so I air out the Japanese - style futon .
I went an Irish pub tonight with my friend .
This is my first english diary in my entire life .
Do you know TOEIC ?
The horn can extend more than 2m tip to tip .
It was do delisious ! !
lik outdoor sports like motocross and extreme sports , like crashing cars in the air , also like to go to the library often , and visit different countries .
Do my best !
I think that talking with my frieds will lift my spirit .
This is the first time I hear `` Negative . `` in that way .
hope can find some nice guys here n improve my english ! ! !
He lies in the middle oft he town Vancouver .
Yesterday , my iPhone appeared the error message below .
So , healthcare providers should know the patient 's history and pay special attention to these reactions during operation .
It 's very good and I can buy one everywhere .
He was probably with some his friends , but the glasses of his car were very dark , so I did n't see the inside his car .
Not just them , but also the teacher who was teaching that class was in trouble .
I 'll introduce them little by little from tomorrow 's entry .
I was nine years old and stadied in the fifth form of the Russian Secondary School , in a small town .
I search example of * compliant * , many are show * compliant with Something ( policy , rules , wish , etc ) *
I was so into it , only with a peace of square paper , you can create anything !
When my dog was a puppy , he always messed in the rooms .
but My sister said I will get used to it by time .
On a scale of 1 to 10 , I give it 6 . 5 on sushi because of a little too salty and 9 . 5 on Y2K .
I hope Japanese premier minister want to become man like Obama .
He played the play , The dream of the Summer nights .
I remember you look like the actress whose name was Kayoko .
Actually , I feel I am able to communicate with people from other countries because my working place is youth hostel in international city kyoto so that I kind of have got used to it .
After the musical , I enjoyed in dinner party about 40 people together .
So I sat in front of the keyboad and made two songs .
Although My pocket money is 400 thousand Won a month ( My wife manages my salary and she gives me a pocket money ) , I spent big money .
This week I was less busier .
He said he had studied about education as his major for a long time .
I suppose that if you hear the phrase `` human condition `` , you think of the essence of the human existence .
It was my first movie to watch without patents .
that he was followed by a big writer setter .
I takes a lot of time to wait for the IT to come and solve the problems .
The stuff is not fresh ?
Second , tour schedule is not resilient enough to cope with personal conditions and some emergencies .
Busy as I is during this winter holiday ( I have endless homework ) , I will spend the most of the day to relax with my relatives and friends .
To my surprise , this rainbow was double .
so , I 'm decide that to study English everyday .
Therefore I forgot English .
But I have to go out to grocery store to buy some foods on foot or by bicycle .
Mom always loves and cares child .
While I am working , I go to study and have exams .
My son got ( has become ? ) 2 years and 6 months at the end of last month .
japanese means `` kaze `` is wind , and `` Hana `` is flower .
When I was a junior high school student , I had an experience to sing this song with my classmates at school concert .
I really feel sorry towards my dear friends at this beautiful moment of middle autumn festival
You 'll both feel comfortable .
I am fun to walk . `` I knew there is only a mother being worried .
But in some way , I might hope having good relationshipes these says would change him .
The ski terrain was magnificent , the mountain was very beautiful , the foods were good , and people were very kind .
The people around me also said that man sit on the ground is unreasonable .
If we review legends and poetry throughout the history , you will find a proper definition for relationship definitely ; you will understand people who tended to survive their friends even by losing their lives .
I expect him to act a cool guy .
Yesterday I discovered some water on our kitchen floor in midnight .
Please some one check my writing .
I tell myself everyday that be patient with my pet to get along with him .
But the other day , I finished reading with it in a bathroom .
Maybe this is just my slow way to the summer = )
I borrowed some books that tell you how to clean your house .
Me gusta practicar el tenis , la salsa .
I have n't written a diary for ages !
This homepage will be help to me a lot .
Both of them reached this match with a crushing victory over another team at the last match .
I took a training course and an examination of
Her work is sloppy , and she is slow to get work done . . . .
A friend of mine had the party for his photo exhibition at there and I was invited .
Never I 've booked ecounter ( the lesson with teacher ) in time without `` war `` .
But I ca n't have enough time to read them .
But next morning , when I go to a kitchen and smell the aroma of
Moat people were died of the unexpected diaster .
Within last month , I often went to Roppongi to drink best whisky .
He use to do the cooking ,
Those shoes are comfortable .
why I am so eager to improve my oral english ?
Write to here , I suddenly notice that the title is kind of nothing to do
If I will not overcome , I will lose by my
I mixed steamed rice and marinated herring soup , then I put herring on its top .
This is 1st time to international trip for her family .
In this morning I went to running with walkman .
Weather and Temperture is good .
Are you believe ?
The store which my part time job has many goods .
I 'm from Mexico BTW but since I study literature ( esp .
today I will have my first homework intruducing myself .
Ikuhara last served Anime director was 14 years ago ( Utena ) .
Those books are n't in our library of the university .
I 'll read after writing today 's diary !
Then we went to karaoke all night .
But I dont have no any idea untill now . . ! !
Half an year ago , I was dumped by someome .
I felt awkward very much .
I saw a man who complained about the easy first station which he asked whether he could test again ! ! ! !
May be I think , I will be able to spend a good time tommorow .
although it was sunny day in the morning .
lately in Japan , lunch box like that called Character lunch box ( people call it `` Character Bentou `` ) is very famous and popular especially by kids .
I think that what I have to do is throwing away my laziness with self - justification and having even a little accomplishment and then recover confidence .
My favorite team other than Japanese is Korean team .
He said the occupation needs patience and
After three mouthes , you will have skinny and heathy body .
Of course the Singaporean government ca n't ignore this public opinion .
Milk and the egg were able to be bought after a long time today .
I was given watch by my girl friend .
It was so bitter for me .
This is my second entry ( journal ? ) : P And I do n't know what to write about !
However , The company offfered bad conditions .
I left home and live in school by myself , so I feel very lonely and miss my parents very much , but I would n't tell my parents , because they would worry about me .
The use of a hiragana and kanji enable quick language recognition for Japanese .
this is punk ?
Until last month the team had scored 8th , the lowest rank in the korean baseball league .
The place has many trees , bushes and benches .
He had children with both sister .
The man answered `` I am not entirely interesting such a thing . ``
I want to improve my English , so , I hope someone can help me .
On that evening , when I was with that Chinese family , the lady gave us some pieces of water melon , some dried fruits and green tea to drink ( green tea roots with hot water ) .
I hope to be speaking well very soon .
Let 's protect our globe and future life together .
For food ? for the blue sky ? or love , which I 'm living for ?
I had a good time because we told about sysytem of studiying at English .
I doubt myself so when I felt shake , I do n't know it is dizziness or not .
It was too hard for me to watch all the scenes .
But I 'm going to teaching tennis now .
The top person of the party that win the most votes become a Prime Minister .
For example , sleep time shortened .
helloEverybody , I 'm active and outgoing person , and wanne be friend with you !
She seems to be so sorry .
Squid is special product of there and is called Yobuko - Ika .
Why did the crowd apper ? ?
I celebreted my daughter for Girl 's day yesterday .
I was disappointed at that game .
I 'm going to meet some friends this weekend and I 'll give it to someone .
My senior asked me that why you do n't have a gril friend .
If the riot was purposed to stress and protest against the police , I think it is go too far .
Earthquake is dreadful but Tsunami is much more dreadful , I thought wathcing TV .
especially men 's team .
When I regained consciousness , I was being in a sweat too much .
But I like desgin now .
You ca n't be a true Engineer if you do things on practice and you do n't know why you do this or that .
love sports and making friends .
we held a party in the evening .
Especially I love the beer on draft .
Once upon a time , was a butcher looking from his shop 's window , when he saw a little dog entering it .
The Danxia Mountain was a sea of people .
so I had searched information and found english telephone conversation .
I studying bioligy now .
When I see these pictures , I feel like I 'm getting relaxed .
Hope there will be some people who can help it .
But I have to admit that even more scary attraction was `` Journey to the Center of the Earth `` .
He told me the logo is unpopularity for Londoner .
She found Key ring !
So they study hard and achieve their 's purpose .
We are absolutely not happy about this neither .
We sat chair on the flooring .
suddnely He said .
I 'm looking forward to coming winter .
I stayed my friend 's house and I come back to my room next da
I hope they 'll have a good relationships .
These adult only images may cause the sadistic impluse which is definitly not suitable for the teenagers .
I poked her just before , because I was sure that she was a friend of mine .
Many boys and his parents came there .
I am so surprise , too .
I do n't understand , but I think I saw a lot this ( ~ ~ s ' ) .
I met a SNS 's friend yesterday .
I keep two dogs , One is white .
I love to getting physical activities !
I really would love to become a good painter who can not been met in Japan .
Hi dude !
If I have dogs .
TV broadcasts movie `` Death Note `` .
I do n't want my facebook look ugly : (
The pappets on the floats are called Karakuri Ningyo
This is my dream and cause of my life .
I hope I can say it fluent , I can only express so much .
I went to university festival held in Nagoya University with my friend .
I walking outside for 20 minutes a day .
Hello every one on lang - 8 !
I accomplished LA marathon a couple weeks ago !
Do you know anything good way how to improve speaking skill ?
When finished the surgery , her eyes were watered because of pain .
It 's better for me ? ? ?
Thunder was terrific noise
When I finished to read the book , I wanted to watch the movie , Forrest Gump .
She is a little bit paralyzed so it 's hard to walk quickly for her .
conditioner and short - time work , which means to leave the office early and
after that we went out for lunch , eating soba .
for me to do a partime job , which is because that I am too young to
I want to buy the stuff in the picture above , but I do n't know the name of it .
And when you finish using and cover your ipad to the keyboard , it turns your ipad to an apple notepad immediately !
So I still go to class .
I went yesterday , and shocked to be told terrible things . . .
But it is hard to find .
I ate spagetthi which I took out near my home yesterday .
My farst object is keep on write in English every day !
To crown it all , consecutive rainy days deteriorate the weather , making we physically feel chiller than in bone - dry cold day .
After seeing an entry in Greek I thought the Greek is very different from Latin languages !
A huge earthquake
I would like to know about the number of students in the class and how many hours a day the classes last .
Tomorrow , My boss is birthday .
It was a fine day today , so I washed my car that almost passed a month I last washed it .
Yesterday , I restarted running at last .
But I have never seen he speak Chinese . : ) Another friend is good at speak English .
It was really hot but after that , I could feel refresh !
But I do n't know how to finish in the end .
I heard `` I know you want it but you do n't want it so badly . ``
It sometimes happen to me .
So , I bought book cover made by cloth and paper .
so my English is not good yet .
I like to search for bakery around my house by bicycle .
Girl 's name is `` Hime `` , mean of the `` princess `` in Japanese .
If you live in an urban area , neighbor may be people who live in only your apartment and neighborhood is quite small .
It was so hevy rain , so my finger of foot were soaked .
deliver : I need to deliver this box of gift to my aunt .
My daughter and wife is quarreling now .
So my son who is 2 years old can play in the liver .
Are you Okay ?
I have get the Airplane ticket to London !
The answer of all of students was `` Iraq `` , because of the name of Iraq War .
So now the amount of my knowledge is as same as that of high school students ' .
For example , I 've presented a lot of books to the local district library .
My coworker , who has been working together for five years , is quitting the job .
He has already used facebook .
There were line of poeole at the place pretty far from the city .
We used an instant thing to make special rice for sushi .
It was very good , then I feel happy !
Sometimes there are some foreigners who have a funny Kanji tatto .
I would like to tell you a imaginary situation .
Ichiro is the most popular .
I watched the guy carefully , and felt Elain watched me from behind my back .
In a big merry voice .
( or with your finger if you prefer ) .
When I was an infant , I used to see them many times .
I had written a short essay at morning then programming some code of C .
Recently , I made coffee from I grind coffee .
Ryuhaku lives in sagamihara but , he comed to visit hashimoto ^ - ^
so , Im out of work .
Because , my English skill is not enough to explain .
The business which I own is also realized by the Internet .
It was gathered by my little devil on the way from the kindergarten .
it was windy but a little humid afternoon .
By the way now I 'm very anxious about my future .
The secound man in black was from Spain .
bella bought toilet papers .
Obon is one of the biggest reunion holidays in Japan the same as a New Years holiday .
I think I spend a good year .
Without a partner , I guess ballroomdancing it 's quite hard . . .
How to say in business letter ?
I went to a movie theater to watch John Woo 's RED CLIFF .
I 'll writing my autobiography at tonight .
Father and me ate Miso soup Before hospital and came home .
However , what happened ?
However , if we do n't use machines , we can get the jobs and earn money .
However , the developed world should support actions to decrease poverty .
The first time ( and the last time ) I got in there , I was barked by an old man , `` What are you doing ! ? `` .
I 'm very boring . . .
smart phone
He uses the apparatus to help his walking .
I got the impression that Queens English is likely to use more difficult words and tries to write in an elegant way while American English prefers simple words to make clear the point .
Last week , I went to a grocery store to cook with my friend near my university .
That is , when I did n't have a habit to ask the native ,
There are lots of things what I want to do !
I never learn , do n't I ?
I want to be vest condition .
She made sense what I said and she refunded me .
Wu Zhiyuan , who I think is a very good teacher with much humour and energy , however , I mistaken the timetable , so when Mr .
Tomorrow , our class will go to BBQ .
This paper sets Xinmao Plastic Co . , LTD , Dongguan as an example , finding some problems existing in the recruitment system of manufacturing enterprises .
I had stayed in New Zealand last year for my vacation for three months .
V : Look ! Like this , I feel pain on my shoulder ( pointing his shoulder ) , I feel pain on my head ( pointing his head ) , I feel pain on my leg ( pointing his leg ) .
Because my friends want to learn English for going U .
but he did n't correct it .
Then , there is similar festival in Japan .
4 , There are many people have similer to my name in Japan .
Attitude between two people can be very diverse and complex .
but it was also delicious .
I 'm trying to write in the third person .
But now he comes Tokyo for business .
When I got home , I turned on computer and listened to his songs and watched his music vedios .
The reason why I decided my name `` chorus `` is
I think the risk which there is possibility to lose their life in their work and I think that they do not only work for money .
I chose Japanese at hte beginning of our term .
I wish the world piece without horrible murders like this , disasters and all bad matters ! .
Please , help me to learn english and I will help you to learn russian : )
I was tierd , becouse I took over the job .
When I was child , I watched it on TV , too .
children songs are in my memory .
note : Emile Ratelband is a very hyper motivation trainer , who always yells ' ' Tsjaka ! ' ' .
I want to learn english
However , the lowest score was reading and the highest one was listening .
The 2012 's plot is about the end of the world by sun 's radition .
I learned the recent financial crisis is also related to Civil law .
furthermore , big city has mare chances to find a good house or a apartments to live in .
Actually , I accidentally enter this department .
level 2 , learning Calligraphy etc .
England has a lot of famous shoes shop brand .
And the vocaburally is so , too .
When I was kid , I guess I could draw something in my mind .
I got my home about 2 hours ago , and I 'm so tired .
Yesterday , two Japanese got Nobel prize in chemistory department .
`` how about we ca n't find a job again after we finish our travel ? `` `` how about you can not find a better job next time ? `` To be honest , I am the one more anxious .
When we need to have lunch at the office you can see pieces of tuna flying of her mouth because she ca n't stop gossiping about everything even her self ! ! !
Many Japanese company conduct it .
But , every year , by the end of summer , I always feel a bit lonly : - ( lol
We ate a coconut food .
I dont want to do anything today . . .
I 'm planning to trip from Saitama to Nagano by bike with my friends .
anyway I 'm having english exam in my university on thursday .
It has a function to make a friendship through human life .
I also do n't like it .
I bought IPhone4 two weeks ago and said good - by to previous operator docomo .
I think I can go on this program as a English study .
It is a long time to study English .
I was the only one who played bass .
The number convinced me if I grew fat I would get sick .
I woke up with many tissue around me ! lol
But I had to come back to Korea on the 4 month because of revolution in Tunisia .
It is 10 - minute - drive distance form my house .
We believed cicadas emerged in the night .
Finally , New Sky Train line have been completed in Vancouver .
This torii is not buried in the seabed , but just stood on the seabed .
I feel very good sweat exercise .
For instance , when I watched the SouthPark , which is American famous anime , there are many words I ca n't distinguish .
In this case , the accident might be unexpected for the assailant .
It may not be mathematics .
Tear the lettuce into bite - size pieces
and we fire it .
Everyone must ask me the result when I come back .
Now I have dutys .
I asked my landlady about net cafes and a computer , then my landlady let me use her computer until I buy my PC .
I think that the quality of the Japanese comic is the top of the world .
Hellow , everyone !
secondly , gyudon is very delicious !
that means even we overcame our internal - prison like the discipline with our power of freedom , we would still be forced to overcome smaller discipline by bigger discipline .
They were matched very well .
If the Blu - ray Disc is put on the market , I will buy it .
You might be surprised when you hear this questions .
I 'm joining RubyKaigi2011 now .
They really want to speak English because they like the hollywood movies .
Especially , I love Seth Cohen who is one of the characters .
Unfortunatelly it was clouded and windy , the heavy wind roughed the sea . . .
I 'm afraid how I should escape taking baby baby without my husband when the huge earthquake happens next time .
As a child - care worker , we need to offer a comfortable , clean , warm room for the children .
But I have to pass the school exam which has interviw and resume before IELTS .
She also likes natural food such as seet potato , pumpkin ,
But thanks for disconnection of internet , it took 2 hours to do ! !
The music is `` I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing `` .
However , since my company and projects were seriously damaged , I struggled with the disaster at work after I got back to Osaka .
coz my holiday is only weekend . .
Its petal is very cute shape , heart .
I had to write English when I sent and received email .
Please make me a ghost to avenge him .
But I 've forgotten how to order .
I 'm ashamed and calling to my mom for get uniform pants to me .
So I did n't prepare for fill - in - the - blank questions > < I did fill in the blank but I 'm not sure at all that I wrote the right answer .
After you roasted meat , it is necessary to fill in it with wine so that there were only small hillocks of meat and then you have to extinguish it on the slow fire .
People 's nostalgic memory for first love
I enjoy studying all the languages I 'm currently studying , but French is really killing me right now , and I ca n't quit because I 'm extremely responsible and I 'd feel guilty , since I 'm almost two months away of leaving my country for a year ( I wo n't study french in Germany )
Then , if you were lucky , you can take a walk with dogs or stay at dogs room to play with them ! ^ ^
Today , I went to a medical seminar .
I believe many Chinese like me too , watching the Rockets on odle time .
I sent u sweeeeet present !
I went to the gym room , I saw all kind of people who are fat or thin or have lots muscle were doing exercise .
It is good for me .
Unfortunatly , all rooms are full .
I will be glad to be .
I have small field near my house .
He 's just unbelievable ! ! !
I study English for my dream .
Then I sat in front of an automatic slot machine and put 20 bucks .
I spend a month in Japan and I decided to go to travel rest of my vacation .
If a man does not have none of three things , this guy ca n't find a girlfriend , and ca n't have sex with any women .
First day , I pounds get up early .
we must admit that nowdays almost all of science and technology are written by english .
Recently I 'm making an effort to become beautiful .
It was a website of America 's university .
That is named `` Pulse and Fourier Transform NMR `` written by FARRAR and BECKER .
A - rod 's unexpectedly 2 - run blast tied the game by 3 - 3 at bottom of the ninth inning , which made concerned NY fans revive and get into crazy and lead the game went into extra inning .
I had took care of my daughter .
I was poor because I bought a mobile phone recently .
On November 11th is Pepero day which is kind of a holiday in South Korea .
My brother told me he know a site where I can learn English with real people from USA or UK .
Currently , the incidence of crimes is hovering at a high level , so it is essential to set up a punishment system to combat those crimes .
I worked at a industrial plant .
I have never thought she will left to U .
It would be exciting match .
Thomas has already told you about my son , Joshua has LD .
Recently I am sleepy after meal .
I work for a company in Japan which executives are from other countries .
well I rented more 2 moves from a shop I usually take .
In my country is facebook .
But I 'd like to talk to people without concern of nationality .
thus , I had batter to learn as many meals as I can .
I found out I need to improve my reading speed faster to adapt the time length of the exam time scale .
We have recovered from crisises many times .
I think that I definitely reduce my English levels right now .
as I am chinese , is there any people want to make friends with me ?
Do you know the TV drama called `` supernatural `` ? ?
667890 six hundred sixty seven thousand eight hundred ninty
This card is Japanese traditional greeting card .
In addition , there 're more people who did n't success like them .
I feel it 's a some kind of Pandora Box for me !
I 'm sophomore .
I could have a good shopping .
However , I will be harder and harder .
Recently , North Korea leader Kim Jong II visited my hometown , the Northeast China , and met with Chairman Hu , who was on his vocation there .
from now I must practice doing .
Unfortunately , I could n't get A but B .
So , I am going to write a daiary about a thing that I did yesterday .
But my heart is complicated and difficult to say .
The end of Jun , we are going to get our bonus .
So , my next target for pronunciation correction is `` club `` and `` crab `` until I can get correct sandwiches .
Moreover , when I am watching movies with a friend , I always sit the right hand side of him .
Shanghai had a lot og rain for a few days .
The book which I have choosed to study , was compiled by an Englishman
When I finished to run , I was so tired .
tremendous damege from earthquake in Japan .
One of Typical Boring Days
especially after all the price times five point five .
It 's will start in March from tomorrow .
I decided to go back earlier and changed my reservation of return trip .
I hope I can find any people help me in this area .
I 've been in Japan once ( and it was a - w - e - s - o - m - e ! ! ) and I 'd like to go there some day again .
I rashed away from him .
It is very the enjoyment .
Through a sampling party , I had eaten some piece of pizza yesterday .
He made as many as 8 shots but unfortunately could n't score any goal .
On Saturday or Sunday , I sometimes go to bookstores to have some readings or go to a performance such as a concert .
Just exact ten years ago today , a horrible thing happened very near from my residence .
However , with the development of discussion bring great funny to our esucation .
Have a wonderful dream , everyone : )
Change the job for collecting more experience , and learning more knowledge , of course , earning more money . ( in actually , I did )
So when I think about if I really want to work abroad , what to learn gets a big difference .
I really realize that I 'm very happy to have a house to live and foods to eat .
Finally , obesity is taken as an example of harmful effects of candy , soft drinks and so on .
I wrote about Obi festival in previous diary entry .
My interest is reading , jogging and music or sometimes sleeping .
I hate if too .
He 's trained very much .
I regret taking so much classes in this month . . .
I think I should tied my hair till my hair is enough longer to change .
weather is very hot outside .
But sometimes we do n't care about a man / woman actualy in front of us .
As far as concerned , I strongly believe that foreign tourists should be charged more to visit a cultural and historical attractions .
hungry in midnight
I wish living many people is save somebody 's life .
does erratic really bad , hamrful ?
In Hongkong city , we took on the subway and ate Yamcha .
I love this working , but soon I leave it .
When I saw this movie , I thought it was dangerous for the car to fly over the sky !
Japanese people is strict to time .
You are happier than before for what you have got , then I can say that you are a better person .
Nowadays I work in the strawberry farm and after working go fishing or go to somewhere .
It is said that ancestor come home during the Obon .
But GPS was invented for army at first .
Two Japanese men have made his wives cry .
I hardly listen clearly American accent .
Then I had muscle acke .
Then I was moved by this movie and I cried a little .
First movie was `` Pale Rider `` by Clint Eastwood .
The most prominent representatives of existentialism , where the founders was the Russian philosophers Berdyaev and Shestov , were the German thinker - Martin Heidegger and Karl Jaspers , the French ones - Jean - Paul Sartre and Albert Camus , Spanish - Juan Ortega y Gasset .
we hugged each other .
I ca n't speak French at all . . . . .
Will that problem decrease after getting married ?
and they are not about love .
I call that donut phenomenon .
I never felt happy than before !
so I very sad .
When the new good friend came , they just left the cafeteria .
`` Since British people developed new life style in Industrial Revolution , their current life styles are advanced , are n't them ? `` my Vietnamese friend said . haha
Since I was relieved , I 'm really sleepy now .
But please do n't make misunderstand .
At first , the meeting time was about 1pm but it was changed into 7 pm and as I did n't notified of it , I went to the theater at 1 pm and had to went there again at 7 pm .
but I had been too lazy .
So , it was a great previledge for me to be there and I was also very happy to see that the two of them looked the happiest couple in the world !
Hope it 's not affecting up the north again . . . ! ! ! ! !
into practice to reduce medical expence .
I wanted to meet and talk with her than watching the movie .
Cats are capable of hiding his claws , and so are the other cat - like animals such as lions , tigers .
The movie is very exciting and good .
But with times go on , there is some contradictions between my mum and I , I 'm a colleage student In the vocation I want to study some knowledge because of I must take a exzam in the later term .
Have a south africa girl is very hungry and thin , she finds water or food in the wild , but she ca n't walk any steps because loss physical strength .
By the way , speaking of changing a job ,
HI , all .
Grandma made me a human and Father made me a person .
Google has been my dream to work for a cool company with so much creativity and innovation .
One of my friends suffer from depression .
Secondly , there are special equipments to help them .
For these reasons , I prefer using machines than doing work by hand . ( 268 )
I study the most basic as a member of society at first .
These stories are so gorgeous and moving that I ca n't help cring for many times .
I slept too much , but I think it 's good and also need to sleep too much sometimes .
I went there , yesterday , too .
I think that english is very hard in my subjects
It means I became 34kilogram !
I am the first to search this internet , I am so excited and I hope that we can make friends .
I have a dream ,
It tells a story about a boy and a man .
tell a lie .
There were many dogs because there was pets shop too .
Japanese prefer indirect eye contacts .
I think she is very capable I trust her ability
It is the main reason for trash pollution to deal with the garbage .
I think my English text is unskillful .
The typhoon is coming to Japan .
Because I had to wonder that nobody would trust such a prime minister who has no practical ideas of electricity supply insted of using nuclear plants .
The new semester has started since today !
What is delicious meal in your country ? Teach me , pleeeeease ^ ^
It takes two hours for me to go to my college by train .
I picked a Finnish whisky and a cheap white wine up .
I reckon Japanese have narrow mind , so we rarely admit something exotic .
I gladed to meet Hoa .
I was a bit off when I was singing .
After my breakfast , I came back and sat on the bed , sleepiness came to me .
but I did n't do that because she and I both forgot that .
The prior president of Korea had suicided this morning .
Some are renters , they came to the world to get the own .
I ca n't say anything to them , because all things are special and incredible !
I think this is defferent from English speaking country . right ?
When a shopping mall is constructed , I will be released from a long journey to and from a shopping area I am doing now .
My job is to be a clerk in a conveniense store .
It 's common here , I think , that men tend to marry a woman who 's young like around 25 even younger .
But it was not .
When I went to a cleaner 's recently , there were a beautiful flowers that good matched
Wife : I better go to let him in .
I sometimes make mitakes when I write English .
In the other word , We don ` t have cleaned perfectly .
It seemed very popular not only families but also motorcyclists .
one of my colleagues said that if the suspicions , misunderstanding and conflict be amplified , a war will inevitably happen and our country might be dismembermented into several small countries , and in that case , I have to apply for a passport when go back to my hometown which is far from my workplace . . .
Seiko Noda , a member of parliament , gave birth to a baby in vitro fertilization by using donated egg from some other woman .
I have never eaten a sandwitch there and wanted to eat it .
Many people in Tokyo would die with lovely prutonium and neutron .
Thank you for your reading .
I hate taking airplane .
Is it inexpencive ?
The other city was included Shizuoka city .
I like it because it causes a very complicated psychological warfare .
Then I have to go to work place .
Road was like a river .
after the eazy explanation , participants had matched .
My favorite Spring is leaving . .
However , I had a lot of fairures .
It has been placed in front of me for couple of days .
Finally , we could go back to each house .
She 's always planning to go abroad , so after winter semester she 'll experience another culture .
The residents who are living at first floor sometimes complain to us .
I 'm reading an English book for children .
The day before yesterday , I slept in the bed with wearing summer nightclothes without the covers .
A young person who is 23 years old lives in Henan province in China .
The tree have persimmons every year .
I 'll have sushi for lunch and udon for dinner tomorrow today .
I love english , but when I went in university , I seldom read English or even do n't watch English movie in English subtitles .
I couldn ` t write an article by English well ! !
Our class number will be published .
I hope I could do it well and got a good grade .
Of course , I 'm doing it since this morning .
my new item
Nothing else we do !
The beach water is incredibly transparent without no garbage or turbidity .
But now .
I have some dream .
And I try my best to improve my English dramatically within three months .
That 's the moment of truth that I really felt that Aikido , one of the traditional martial arts of Japan , had become a widely accepted internationalized martial art in the world .
I saw a news on the internet a few days ago that a few officials had done violence to a cook and a waitress .
Everytime I speak to them , I 'll become nervous .
The union insists they have to subsist on the total amount of their wages and bonuses , while the company considers only wages are for keeping our life and bonuses are extra pay .
I try to practice about five dictaitions evrery day .
I want to apologize obediently .
I want to say thanks for her .
Apropos , this Thursday , the circus French arrives in ours city .
I think they enjoyed listening ocarina music .
We have long summer vacation from the last of this month to Septe
I like speaking English most .
At first I did n't know what is good , so I just followed waiter 's recommendation .
I should hear your opinions , to understand you .
My homedown has more population than Calary .
And we made breads .
These teams has Japanese player respectively .
It 's been freakishly cold here since yesterday , as if winter had already come , literally out of the blue !
After that , I ate an egg tarte at a bakery .
I printed out many times and cut it into each room , but only to fail to solve .
Last Saturday my two son 's elementary school held a sports day and every year it was held in the fall .
about having an affair with another person
Especialy , I like `` Let 's go .
maybe oneday I lose my weight
Well reading and listening levels are great .
that was fun .
I 've been chatting with them over for one year .
Shopping to Yokohama
There are many rules that the people who always play tennis do n't know .
Today I have lots of work to do , prepare the report for my boss and also the house decoration .
In Sasebo , I ate Lemon Steak .
These days , since Kaiten - Zushi are spreaded all over Japan , we can eat Nigiri - Zushi with rasonable price .
Today , I went to a convenience store to pay for `` Whiteday 's gift `` .
the national holiday eanded up .
I want to be able quickly keyboard input fast .
Recently , I notice the fact that most Australians have bad handwriting .
I 've been enjoying taking care of ducks althoug It has been the first time because they are really cute .
we will go to outsite of Bnagkok today .
I will write about Adobe Creative Sweet 5 .
In room inside , it was spacious and relaxing .
I like listen to various music .
A great number of Internet related companies were found in Silicon Valley .
About Lang - 8 's function
If you live in Shanghai , Beijing or other big cities , you might have the feeling of fast life pace and work burben makes you stressful .
Japanese foods is very healthy .
Tomorrow I 'll go to a movie
I realized that I 'm confused `` for `` with `` to `` at times .
But I do n't think this quit dose not take responsibility .
I will be able to have a Paradice time in February .
What 's more , I want some American or British friends , but it 's difficult to know them here .
In this trip I visited Chichu museum , Benesse house ( It is a museum ) , and six artworks of art house project .
My mum said , I love dog and afraid of it .
I hope I wo n't over slept tomorrow .
However she did n't reply yet after I sent an email about 2 weeks ago .
Probably , to memorize some favorite grape types is the first thing to do for me .
For better or worse , I think that it 's very Japan .
the examination starts soon .
The movie was not bad but difficult for me to understand how to deal at stock companies at the Wall Street .
After lunch we strolled along at small streeat .
Because I ca n't take a tennis lesson and practice more .
These pictures are a program of Rakugo which I heard the other day .
and I have some friends .
Theachers are jentle and nice .
I was really despaired !
I was a mechanical teachnician in the past 3 years .
I went to English conversation school last night .
However , my parents does n't play in water park so our family receiveed it Luckily .
I have to do rehabilitation .
My msn ID is brookin2010 @ hotmail .
I could keep concentrating to read these subs until 30 minutes later .
Most of the people want to rely on something .
I heard their song `` Photograph `` on the radio few years ago .
I do n't decide yet about my dream .
Because , they usually drink at the night .
sometime , my picture book to be displayed there . . .
my diary is wrote here . . .
She always kept my daughter .
Because one of us left to Tochigi for training program , three of us could come .
The most laughed at sentence was next sentence .
I was lazy in Lang - 8 .
At the hotel there are some people in same situation of me .
Actually I also fighted with her about a month ago .
10 years ago , I strained knee ligament during a futsal game , and it took half a year to heal completely .
So I went play tennis .
I want to make friends with other country , s people .
Every professors has a big priority to their courses and they try to improve the quality of their classes .
He is senior year in junior high school .
When I read their diaries , I 'm always surprise because their Japanese are very well .
Drinking tea takes the special place in our lives .
What the worse is I do n't have time to train for my next Marathon in the beginning of next year .
I start to listen to the VOA standard English .
Hard , can not remember the grammar of English .
My vacation was very maximum ! ! !
I think my future sometime .
Yes I am supposed to be having a holiday but sometimes I need to come back for work according to the schedule .
We hope that we will be continue to have both kids to keep their friends .
I watched before sleep and after wake up without doing chores .
afraid that I usually used my computer instand of TV when I saw some
It is very fun for me !
I waited for a long time for seeing a doctor so that I was so tired and boring .
Is this a hungover ?
But in several years , he did n't feel pain .
The book it 's like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend
My determinaion for 2011 is weight loss .
People go back their hometown , and worships to their ancestors .
I became 23 years old .
I will practise the procedure over and over again .
That was really fantastic sky , and the air was so fresh .
After I can improve my reading skills , I want to try to read `` The Dragons of Pern `` series .
Today , I went to a hospital .
I also thought about this theme , it was difficult .
Somebody help me about having my meal , please .
I 'm a 43 years old woman from Norway who need to practise my English writing .
I often look up the sky and enjoy stars in my hometown .
The kid , who was on a vacation , went to the vending machine and inserted 1 dollar into the machine , but he failed to get a doll which he wanted .
Children , in there people 's eye , should be given more time to enjoy their childhood and what they are interested in .
I wish I read all the story at once .
I love they are .
There were a lot of friends of mine who I met in there .
Perhaps I should solve this problem through try and error .
`` You kidding , hoon . `` A middle - aged man said .
I 'm so sad this system on Japan .
The unuversity is the most famous shool in shanghai .
On the other hand , I would like to fill in my bank account to buy Euro .
I took TOEIC test today .
When I went back to Japan , I cryed bitterly because I did n't want to part from my host family .
So some Japanese dictators keep ruling Japan , most Japanese people are brainwashed by the government , oh , I forgot to say the important fact that name of country is not Japan , the name of counry is `` the East Asian Empire `` on this novel .
It was so big vibration .
I 'm glad to attend the lang - 8 ! ! ! I hope I can make some firends in here .
I watched by myself but I should have been with somebody .
I went to the festival .
when I look in to a dictionary it only says the basic usage that I already know , but still I run into certain situations using the article !
I 'll follow the doctor 's way to change my habit .
but it was the best performance , I 've never seen before .
Then I told him that next train takes him to the destination .
Once I studyed English grammer books or something else , but I realized I like reading books more than grammer books .
I am going to take a bath and to play PSP .
A lot of Japanese female is taking a parasol .
Usually to look the English magazine or some tool books of grammar .
I must be sleepy when I have to go .
this mornig I met my chinese friend to go to exhibition .
Anyway , tommorrow is final match !
I have read a book about Japanese English written by an American , Mark Petersen , who is a professor of Meiji University .
Despite cruel history , they are still considered as best friends .
Recently I 've heard from my friend it 's delicious , so I 'll try it .
Another teacher who came from English speaking country ( maybe The U .
For use in diet .
I can explain what I want to say , but my expressions is not natural to the native speakers .
I can endure winter 's cold .
I mean it 'll be great if it wo n't cost me much money , because I do n't really want to burden my parents with the rental prices .
I 'm required to write a business letter or an e - mail text to my imaginary friend on the test .
I hope it helps you a little .
As the California State Capitol and Old Sacramento are only places we wanted to visit , after we visited there , we drove back to home .
He has aspiration to lose weight and improve his English .
As It 's a Valentine 's Day on a near day , we will make a chocolate cake for them .
But I may come to like it if the same as the movie .
if you have such a great aversion to this 4rum , why are you still online everyday ?
But I don ` t care for that syudy ; - (
I really love the movie !
Even though I can help someone I do n't know with correction of my native language .
My friend who lives in French said it have had heavy snow than usual this year , she has been able to ski from October .
I think there are discussion both for and against , because many people in the world believe in the effectiveness of certain alternative medicines and this book denied most of it .
With Saudi Arabia 's will to increse petroleum production , aimed at stemming unrest in market , the price of oil will , easily , get on the track .
I heard because of typhoon No . 12 .
I was looking forward to watch the movie all the time .
I think I have to enjoy having my remaining time ! ! !
The unborn baby will be our first baby .
So I am thinking it would be more efficient if this company focusd on instilling love for company in our minds .
( I usually put it on the bedside as an alarm clock . ) The texting was from my boss and said a happy new year .
I dont like British food .
The situation comes from when a storm comes .
But she said `` Yes .
I am bored to stay home .
But , I do n't like English Class because , I ca n't study English : (
Perhaps , there 's no way to happiness , happiness itself is a long way to go along .
Unfortunately , It was illegal , so he was chased by them , also he killed one of those guards , but he could escape from them , and he became a outlaw . . .
ok , journal . . .
And I 'll never cry in working time > <
I - bought - groceries - to - pay - 2500JPY ( about - 25 $ ) .
Is n't it so funny game , huh ?
Please correct my sentence !
My drawing is totally different from my image .
TDI must get up at 06 . 00 a . m . but now ( 03 . 00 a . m . ) I have n't slept at all .
That made me nervous .
I often write a dairy about work , study english , internet and more .
I saw that they wipe kitchen counter by sponge .
EW !
When I watch a movier the next time , I will go there at the last screening
I am wondering if I could move smoothly as my instructor say .
Still I want to continue .
I want to reply him as soon as possible , but my English teacher absent today > < ;
beautifully jumping and so on .
Next year , after the Chinese New Year , I will go to a language school in Britain for about half year .
and I become good to chat them .
A lot of rescue member work day and night to rescue victims .
please , do n't say bad - mouth .
We left my house at 2 : 00 midnight .
On the other hand , it 's a fact that it might happen anywhere in world .
I have a lot of questions of English words . ( maybe bad meanings )
I will appereciate if you check my answer .
I live in Naka - Meguro now .
B : Thank you , I 'm just looking for right now .
I jogged back home from work under the harvest moon shining very brightly and beautifully .
`` A earthguake , A thunder , A fire , A father ``
I 'm going out in an hour to take the exam . .
I do n't know English and Technology .
They try to give us their concepts and persuade us buy thing which we do n't really need .
After the negotiation , we reach the middle price of the both .
And , We bought a birthday cake .
So that 's all for today 's dairy ~
For example , shark ` s hert ( sliced low ) .
However I read an article that observation deck 's prices are same if the prices divide its height .
And I would never forget a word that I have learned , including speliing .
When I wrote the article , I felt interested in writing essays so my dream changed to a writer .
Game musics can have a great effect on the player .
It was after four months interval , so I was nervous .
I hope it 's yes , but there is no clues for that .
I 'm worry about if good or not .
It has come cooler and cooler in Japan .
Classes tend to not work , because students are lazy and teacher do n't know nether how to teach nor how to learn a language .
With the platform , you can correct mistakes in their artical , give them your advice , to help foreigners to study your native language , while you could get a good feeling by helping others and get help from other friendly people .
I wanna become to speak English !
It make you and your friend chat even though you
And Happy Easter for everybody !
Thesedays I 'm interested in French .
Today I went to a travel agency to correct a document about a trip of our club activity .
And there have many shops or playing park .
I will want to go home but it is rainning .
I have taking a enlgish class for about 1year .
It has good atmosphere and bread are tasty .
She does n't adapt her to a job and around people so she is nervous .
If you have any interested , please listen to My lonely town :
I 've never been to German , I want to go there someday .
Even our Japanese tend to forget Kanji day by day because we use PC .
So , I should have kept a dialy every day .
I want to speak in both Japanese and English .
And people who line after me use the empty basket after my paying .
Marie Curie is known as a great scientist who was awarded Nobel prize twice but her childhood is hardly known .
this is it !
Many famous people that I just know has died in 2009 .
I feel Chiristmas 's coming , discoveing people who having
Nao : It 's sure .
It was really great to met them , simply because , it reminded me several wonderful momeries at that period that I met them .
She studying japanese .
it took one hour T _ T
Passive : I was given a prasent by her yesterday .
I 'm sophomore at Kyouto Notredame Universary in japan .
Actually , she received two offers because of her experiences and the scores she got in the GRE and TOEFL while both schools did not offer enough scholarship .
At that time I was middle school student .
I wish that new year will be happy !
So I went home earlier and took the medicine .
It could save time by using public transportation , because private transportation , such as cars need time to find a parking space .
I love the designers brand like `` Dsquared `` and `` D & G `` .
this diary is continuation .
He likes a baseball and often watching baseball game on TV .
I did n't take a picture today ,
Finaly I can go there .
Yesterday , after a riduculous class , in which we talk about the second grade student teaches about leadership , I tried to go home .
It is also related to this food prices spurt .
I want to get it wrapped and get tied up with ribbon .
Now I 'm home and so tired .
One of the foreigners lives in a good apart in expensive area , Azabu .
Stop seeing is the only way to heal the pain .
There were times when I could n't talked to classmates and felt wonder if I could n't make any friends like that for good .
My friend , Jun , is suffer from vehicle accident .
I thought I want to bake the cake .
Next exam I will must got a good grade !
Today is very hot day in spite of May / M .
I remember a lot of things , this year was a happy one for me .
On another note , I met my friend in bus in this morning .
I think it easy to form my learning plan because I know my habit well .
Soo today I write somethink in english .
In the day before yesterday , Boss invited all staff ate buffet lunch in the Gold Coast Hotel .
I like KREVA who is a singer in Japan .
So , I went back to home , but my daughter said .
If you have not seen it , I will realy reccomend it .
Fortunately I won 2 games of 6 .
I ate two sausage and went to sleep again woke up at 9 . 25 am .
I have no skype now .
I noticed I had spoken strange english sometimes .
Now I am during the school vacation .
She is around me before I knew it .
But he is not a gay and just a nice guy .
to realize how study hard should I be ,
He had wanted to go to the museum in China since then .
Of course , we Japan has !
The first experience that hinted me was the medicines that I got from the doctor .
Recentry I had studied English at English website .
He was exceptionally talented at dance .
Then came the morning , When the alarm clock jar .
I will go to Xanterra South Rim on June 29th .
This is the first time to write the diary on this site .
People could come and listen Sting for free .
The rest of souvenirs that I have to prepare is for my family .
However , AKB48 can be imagined .
But American frends could n't feel her feelings ( of cause they can understand Japanese ) .
so I am planing to study every day .
If I go to a gym , I need several minutes to get there , to change clothes , and to take a shower after the exercise .
I will revenge the defeat next month .
First of all , I would say that I 'm teaching Japanese at a company in Korea .
Hy , everyone !
On TV I have watched a theme park in China to show off the copied characters such as Disney , Doraemon and Elmo etc playing around , which are obviously similar to the originals but look a bit different .
However , I feel super cold since last night even the temperature outside was high .
Of cause I have `` Dragon Ball `` and any other famous cartoons .
That 's why I can get a clear view of his success .
If I did n't write to ask the reason that I failed , I would have a very bad mood for the third one .
The frog I made was n't jump well because the paper was thick and heavy .
Other day , I went to the Kyushu National Musium in Fukuoka , Japan and I saw `` the National treasure Asura `` .
I Like to Have the Pony Tail on the Side
There was a book which caught my eyes .
However , after she turned 7 years old , she has tend to spend most of the time sleeping .
I heard such famous people as Bill Clinton , Al Gore and Joseph E .
Then put fruits juice and sugar on a pan and light the gas cooker .
In theseday , I have a lot of problem .
I am junior at university .
He used to live in a very miserable house with my poor sister , who had crushed on a gang star and left home when she was 16 .
Why this company want employee ?
So I study English hard in `` Lang - 8 `` more until yesterday !
I watched DVD , Full House to study English .
I went to Yokohama .
thank you .
The train was too late to go to school in time .
I have been to the prep school for a week .
Tomorrow , I 'll take the Lessons for 5 hours .
However , my friends told me it 's really yummy and sweety .
I 've heard that no one bring music instruments and sing the same song to cheer favorite baseball team , but I did n't know that venders throw snacks like peanuts or ice cream .
I walked along the river which was near the my house .
I said
Chinese people set this special day to long for their ancestors .
Please teach English to me ,
they said to our come back after 2 hours .
I went to the KARAOKE yesterday because the Freshman party was held by the one of the fhreshmans in the university which I will go .
It teach me to be important for hope .
I watched many movies in summer vacation .
It remind me memories of happy childhood .
I be so exciting when I look on beautiful black T - Shirt of Metallica .
I always go through a park by bike when I go to work .
She will get married in July .
And it hearts ! !
I took a bus to Taipei to met my friend .
Language , another kind of art , do n't you agree ?
How do you think of it ?
I have n't visited here for a long time .
Because I rode on my bike through the forest on the way to the office and Ginger pork might help my health .
His smile always make me joyful .
G : Are u male or Bright even dance to him somehow ?
Pressure of `` Reading the atmosphere `` is very scary .
I went to Nikko and Nikko Kanaya Hotel , which is a traditional hotel .
I have done correction for other people who study Japanese .
It 's easy for them , who has known it still childhood .
I am so lucky
However , English is a common language all over the world .
When his family tried to escape from bombing , his mather got invloved in explosions .
Because Janan has isolation policy from seventeenth to nineteenth ,
The road was straight and there were any signals at all .
and I go to sleep .
I do not plan for anyting .
this lesson so boring that we all sleaping : >
I am going to follow them .
I 'm going to work at a cafe in my school from next Thursday .
That 's why she is very tired .
so I work from am7 : 00 to pm3 : 00 .
I thought I have to study more hard .
And BGM in this game is very good .
It 's famous for `` Otaku `` , `` Anime `` , PC and so on .
Her dishes are very good , so I always eat all the foods she makes .
I want to well performance at acting before the audience .
I 'm going to go back to Japan at the end of may , so I have about 2 monthes left .
Do n't worry , this is not scary tales .
I got message when I was shocked . .
Let 's enjoy our each day !
what sort of sushi do you like and eat ? ?
The ingredient was mixture of diced onion , diced carrot , a egg , milk , panko , beef mince , pork mince and tofu .
Japanese language do n't have the movement of tongue like R .
So I thought , the `` Fawn leb `` maybe was a name of some kind of dance in Thailand .
So I was with it the whole time of course during school .
So I took medicine .
By mutual consent , we broke up each other .
One day , when I fed them , I noticed that there was not a gold fish and then I found her behind the aquarium .
As you may know , the show has its setting in a high school in the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
I have two days free time .
Even now it 's more than 35 degree everyday .
I woke for a while and I saw the coatrack .
I can write my mood or interesting things in freign language everyday .
Let me know how do you think .
Hatumoude means New Year 's to visite shrines .
What are you think of this questions
People who call me always say `` rai - yu `` with looking like be in trouble , but the sound is totally different .
It also looks like `` Hanpen `` , not sweets , and I have never eaten this before .
thank you .
He have a hard head .
MS has different symptoms in each patient like visual dysfunction , smell disorders , facial paralysis , vertigo , dysphonia , sensory peoblems like pain or paresthesia , paresis of different parts of the body like hands , or feets , or even a half of the body , etc .
Today , I do n't feel like working , please doctor Lee , give me a certification .
But I think we should talk each other more .
This night I 'm going to study it .
I could get to know a Nepalese , who is the owner of a Nepal restrant in Japan .
When you double ice cream oeders , get another one .
Each way has , however , its shortness .
It was last month at last too .
and the came home .
I worked at the clothes shop about a mouth ago .
Summer is past soon , and the temperature have been becoming moderate and comfortable , even I have to cover a blanket to myself as well as my family .
I got seven members as twitter following .
Today , I went to Yogdobashi - camera to buy a liquid crystal television to equip in my room .
That words annoyed me so much .
I suffered from hangover today .
I wish everything would walk out well .
He picked a car modal and a dinosaur puzzle , and I bought it as his birthday gift .
I think disadvantages are less than advantages , but I am going to talk about disadvantages .
We do not know what us do now is right or not .
My Chinese English techer told me think is similar to consider .
My friend said `` Do n't feed such nice foods if you want her to live longer .
I hope that write grammatical English and make more friends from all over the world .
I have never visited there , so I look forward to visit there .
It seems her friends do n't know the anwers so her fond it by herself and sent to me on hotmail .
It is intereting to see what the shop sells .
I would like to make a meorial day for my 2 neiborhoods but I do n't hit upon a good idea .
Because usually , there is no central heating in the house in south of China .
What 's more , she has sweet baby voice that is what I ca n't stand .
I want to take an active part by making good use of English , Japanese , and Chinese in the world in the future .
andthen I did registration it .
I serched new DVD movies on internet and I found it that I want .
The story 's character is Subaru and Yuri .
So there is not enough time to write long article . . . .
Methinks I have n't got any listening ear ( I ca n't understand any note which play in the song ) .
I like this wind .
The city might need teams of inspectors .
So I know you and your company .
Summer sick
I trying to concentrate .
Because we have two children who will have the entrance examination of Unvercity and High school soon .
Those were supposed to be finished last week because today was the starting day of winter semester but one professor gave assignment .
The then Mexican goal keeper , whose name was Jorge Campos , attracted me .
I am going to aplly for this position .
I know it 's still Jul 3rd , but here in Kyoto , it IS Jul 4th .
but my parents is so strong to me . . .
secondly , serround yourself with what you love .
Please tell me howe to write in English well .
However , it is not easy to ask someone like that because it is not hang out but it is just my routine .
But I probably have got holiday from 10th August .
I am very fond of eating a Ramen !
Yestarday , I was depressed because I want part - time job , but it was day off of me .
Then when I meet the word , I try to remember the image .
I went to automobile shops with my father until my club started .
Surprised at it , a man talked to an opponent .
We traveled by Airplane , departed Changi airport at ten to eleven on 30 January for Cambodia .
I am writing this diary sining two songs .
In addition to that , I like to go to stadium to watch baseball game .
But now , very dirty drain connect to this river .
Well , sometimes , he came every one or two months .
Please give me the way to improve my listening ability .
I want a water and a cup .
I thought that I can pass exam but I can ' t
Do you know Udon ?
understand and communicate with the students in same age .
But , I want to know about your language and your culture .
So , I have to practice English to enjoy these English books .
We were continueing to drinking midnight again . . . .
My best friend said ' you shoud just ask him , and never talk about your dogs .
I wonder it is that sensational .
`` No way . `` I continue sitting on the chair lilstening to my music .
I got bunch of words to recognize ! ! ! !
I slapped myself on the cheeks sometimes not to get to sleep on the way .
It sounds beautiful , is n't it ?
One person he does n't criticize is his little sister .
I 've been learning English for some period , and there is something I 'm worried about .
But I 'll do my best .
( Please see Google site .
The rain went on five days .
Ahcccccho !
( Sometimes the coffee beans are sold at the bargain price , I make the dicision of buying immediately .
No no , It 's not just a joke .
I 'm interested in yoga too .
I arrived in here I ca n't found the electrical and electric rice cooker .
and then quit again , because there was no one could keep an eye on them for every day and I actually rambled a lot and I only wrote them on the paper not on the internet .
The word which I have waited to hear for 5years .
I 'm a member of one of the committee of PTA .
Just say hello to my new friends
love song , Japanese song , rock song , etc .
I read many passages about how to distinguish good shop and bad shop which improve my ability to distinguish the product .
He was very calm and humble man .
The news appeal more strongly and directory than any films , novels and dramas .
I was tired but glad that I can help him .
Since there were no teachers force students to study , I had to push myself very hard .
Finally , I had spare the time today .
Please tell me about what did you do today .
They have a writing , reading , listening , speaking test .
So I entered nourishment faculty at the university .
by the school , one is ipod nano another is ipod shuffle .
Teenagers like to listen to music , dance , play musical instruments .
But the other day I got it in my new house , So I can watch my favorite site and I can write a dairy at ' lang - 8 ' !
Tell me please , how finished the meeting ?
Yester day , It was raining .
Some of my friends are not interested in this and want to keep hide their privacy .
There 's plenty of ways to die leave out the suicide . . .
The second reason is that I have chance to meet someone .
wo n't the 32GB iPhone or that with larger CPU appear in the near future ?
Today was normal day .
They come back at home late night .
Every song by the Beatles is worth to listen .
they were made me annoyed .
I made this nail tip at last nite .
To be concrete , I have to bring all of my property to Singapore .
Please forgive me for that I write such incoherent phrases .
I 've already been addicted to electric guitar .
I like listen to music very much .
All of people form England can speak Chinese .
they provides many programs to watch , whearas NHK doe n't have so many .
So I am getting fat . . . . . . . . . . .
But actually it was tender ! ! ! ( Picture 1 )
So , when we heard our boss said that we can take a rest day , we were very happy !
I researched how to cook `` salsa source `` which was served with Mexican corn chips and cream cheese because I found that it was really tasty when I ate it the day before .
The first time I sign up this website , I 'm impressed .
So , It 's one of the my bucket list ( 100 things to do before I die )
In your case , why you work as part - time job ?
Because I decided to enroll in the graduate school , I wo n't get a job after graduating from university .
It 's need to be considered .
One of my cram school teacher who teached me when I was a high school student once said that making the images of each preposition is easy to understand .
Today is happy day !
The God alone knows how things will turn this year .
Secondly , I hope to grow a professional financial manager .
My name is chaai .
This will enable me to work well in the future career .
The first time was at 2 years ago .
When I got there , I felt like `` oh my god `` .
When I opened it , a memo which I wrote and money ( 100000 Yen ) were in it .
I ca n't eat all of it , so I will invite friends to eat curry .
Hope you can give me some useful advise , thanks in advance .
I think that Canadian team is the strongest team .
It was very famous movie .
He did n't published his book many years .
I go to this store to see this Christmas tree every year .
I write this post and then I 'll go to bed .
When I considerate about myself , his words are correct .
I 'm job is snowboard wear and wakeboard wear marketing .
I check it right there and found the mistake .
I am not defending him but if America sees that Benladec is a criminal and he must die , I think she should have arrested him and made a fair trail to him .
* woman in this photo is model .
I ' m glad if you advice something to me .
Having a chat with some of my colleagues is few chance unless our lunch time is same .
Today I stay at home all day because I get a stomach ache .
But I had better go to bed .
the tragedy slowly start at last .
Most countries had a unique name ( Colombia , Argentina , Japan , China , England , Australia , Germany ) and it 's very easy to form a gentilic ( Colombian , Japanese , Chinese , German ) .
I feel happness .
And another reason the friend 's confused is lack of vacabulary .
I have never been to there , but I do love Korean food .
I was laughed by children 's blank look , and also the priest is best actor .
BUT I got iPodtouch ! !
When I got there , there was nobody and just left some clothes .
My parents and friends were worried about me in the disaster in Eastern Japan so I went to see them .
The photo was taked in my Austria trip January : )
How to say , well , I like the buildings in Shanghai , it maybe looks like the buildings in Western country .
she came from china .
They always say , `` We are so busy now , so ca n't deal your things at once . `` And we ask them when they can do , their official response is `` we will do it in our schedual , but we do n't know when can finish it . `` Nevertheless , our leader has no power to ask them do our matter as soon as possible .
Especially the great experience was to do many activity ! !
I logged on the web - site that I can register the exam .
The action makes me so sad .
After the rest and the lunch , I tried again at 13 o ' clock .
Today is very bad day .
So I researched it 's ending by internet .
Closing my eyes , I can still draw all the scenery of the mountains , the lakes , the beaches and the forests .
Its takes a long times and made me tried but I 'm happy and I think that work hard for my dream and my family because my family always work hard to support me .
I have started learning English at the age of 13 which was a junior high school student in Japan .
Please write your feeling : D
He likes crystal manufactured goods such as
So I almost finished work at 2 a . m .
Most of the movies I watched are Korean movies .
My hope is anyway I want to live in health .
I ate tacos and fajita recently .
it is the second day begin to write the diary .
You know the word `` depression `` , is just the opposite of `` expression `` .
That means that they can speak like native English speakers , their expression is like Americans and their pronunciation is also like Americans .
So , like everybody else , I 'm here waiting for this moment , when I will stop working and I 'll be free to go abroad for my vacation .
Are you accustomed ( used ) to living in Japan ?
The fireworks in Kobe has been held 39 times .
As the saying goes , occasionally , we find it hard to be happy is that we always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less hopeful than it will be .
Turtle father tall leg ?
and today is very hot .
He showed his unhappy .
Therefore , I guess that I ca n't get a certain level of score on the listening section of the TOEIC .
My application was downloaded all over the world .
However , preparing the meal , my family is becoming intimate .
I has thought that it was made by 48 people .
There are huge files of second hand things in the market .
Ah , by the way I think that I 'm being lazy .
Someone told me another story .
In Sentou and Onshen , of course all of us become naked and wash our body .
I ca n't write diary , because sleepy . . .
It is important to distinguish between the exercises which developing muscles and which ones burning fat .
I have n't got used to the surrounding but I will do soon .
what should I do ?
However , for my own experience , people are not perfect and neither does the alien in Pandora .
It 's not that I 'm not satisfied with time and money I have ,
Arfter that , My Korean housemate came my room and told me he had tried to made Krean food and to eat it .
There I study medicine .
The building I do n't know well wo n't sleep
but it did n't make any sense .
Wood debris being change to charcoal then sold for money .
I expected more good story .
It is homeroom classes not music classes .
It was New Year . . .
Amazon is danger .
Making crafts in Japan cost us alot .
Me too .
very far country with personal circumstances .
If someone give me the world , I ca n't swap with my girl .
Tt 's almost snow everyday .
I am supposed to go to his house in USA on leave for about a month and eat what they eat .
One of the main topic is about a video game called Grand Theft Auto ( GTA ) .
Feild Day
We fully enjoyed nabe ( Japanese cuisine like sukiyaki ) and yakitori ( Japanese cuisine like shish kebab ) .
I regretted that Poraloid stop selling thier photography products and think if I were richman , I would buy Polaroid company and continue to sell their products .
It was huge boom to growing up Japanese economy because of that , my parents believed I would apply major companies such as panasonic , nitendo , and so on .
Okay , we do n't have that sort of fan communication event called `` convention `` in Japan .
A terrible Day
I am much excited already !
Because your crazy action , I must do this .
And this time I was n't prepared to miss this wonderful game .
The other one went up to the upper floor .
lately I feel more and more tensed , frastrated . I know the best way to learn is enjoy what you do , however , I am not sort of person who is able to make everything ` s enjoyable . probably that ` s what I need to learn primarily than language . . . hmm . . . . .
Actually , I worked for most days of my spring vacation .
I think he like correct a machinegun .
It 's cheap compared to a general supermarket in Sydney .
It has drizzled since last night .
Korea soccer team won Japan .
My wife is flipping through a couple of furniture catalogs , murmuring a possibility of a new order .
I 've really been into the show and main character Captain Jack who played by an out actor John Barrowman .
m next morning .
Unfortunately , Circumstances are changed around countries in the Middle East .
But I heard a sound of a drum by Buddhist monk , tasted a cup of spring water , and saw the scenery of the temple .
One of the clearest memories I have is about sports day when I was in the 2nd grade at junior high school .
I don ` t like such white , thick , inspissated drink !
So they do n't need to use spoons .
I heard that momks in Eiheiji get up at 3 o ' clock everyday !
because this is helping us to be good foreign speaker .
I especially like to listen pod cast to learn English .
But after I drank it over , I feel very thirsty .
my first english diary finish ! ! !
She seemed to be relax and persuaded herself `` I can win ``
I have a English teacher .
But I noticed lost thing in my room .
`` Man is useless if he has no business which he dedicate himself to .
Fortunately , my host family was so friendly and considerate .
It also becomes two series of anime so if you are in out of Japan , maybe you can watch it on fun - subs .
I had worked as a programmer after graduate high school .
I do n't have any child too and I 've got married four years ago but I do n't care even though I do n't have a baby .
I remember it was tasty that I drank alcohol and ate some side dishes .
Any one who want to make friends with me can send a email to me .
Many japanese marathon races are suspended by impact of Tohoku earthquake from Mar . 11 .
I belonged to the brass band club at the age of a junior high school and high school .
What do you think about nuclear power ? We need it or not ?
actually it is fine through the whole winter in beijing .
Getting enough speaking practice is essential to becoming conversational in any foreign language and is what is missing from most academic courses .
She worked very much next to you ! !
By the way , now Japanese Government recommend to buy some Eco goods .
I had so good time .
From Acuckland to Rotorua it took about three hours and half by car .
what 's lucky !
And they ran everywhere it 's really hard to control them .
But I guessed `` she love to eat the chinese food . `` Well , guessed it wrong , because I only knew the word `` treat `` as `` doggy treats `` which dogs love to eat .
I found a english study group , a few days ago .
I hope , even though the disaster came to japan devastating a lot of things , many people will still continue to learn Japanese ( > < )
On the other hands , because it uses small types , sometimes I ca n't exactly read articles .
So I am willing to make my dream , and I am struggling with some
I got a residence permit of New Zealand last month .
It 's very interesting .
To write down once just does n't make me remember .
I am not offended by the celebration on the same day of which we mourn the victims of the war and prayer for peace .
When Chie met a certain man who would be her boyfreind in the future , she was told by her docter that she had a cancer .
And then , I think it 's a good thing for reservoir to supply water enough .
My son is sure to be exciting to see a real locomotive .
He thought that it was too crazy since it would take us 30 minutes from our factory to the station .
However , I know that I ca n't help doing that when I get into such a situation .
And a lot of people lined up at gas station to buy gasoline .
that is too difficult .
The vine was gifted from my business customer several years ago .
Then we get into restaurant to eat dinner .
When I knew it , I was really impressed and absolutely thought that I can not but go to watch .
I applyed to a dorm yesterday .
One is a work for restrant .
At last we abandoned to ride it .
I am live in Chicago il America .
This pic is little strange , cuz there is nothing in the middle section , I can feel now how can I say ?
Because my MSN address was expired .
I traveled in northern Japan last weekend .
God bless ,
It was perhaps because I thought that something called juice should be sweet .
What is more , the fish tank filter is dead and is not working at all .
B : I planned to open retail shop in a few month , so it seems that I need sincere supplier who can continuely support my business .
I could n't have enough sleep recently .
Next , families are what help families when they are at loss .
This thrsday night I will go to Morroco restaurant for the first time .
I love to live in a vast land , but the situation of medical system in here is making my life a lot harder for me .
It is similar to the Marionets .
She is always pretty and has warm - hearting .
`` thank you your praise ``
I looked the word `` office `` up in my English dictionary and found it means `` a room , set of rooms or building where people work , usually sitting at desks `` .
It is interesting , but I can not find his any books in foreign publishers .
The maintenance has finished ! ! ! !
This is my second time to make this silly mistake to writing something by beginning with 2009 .
One of them is an American sitcom `` ALF `` .
It 's relly interesting when you think of this , is n't it ?
Today , My wife went to work , attended the party of her office .
It was 3 oclock AM .
I went to Osaka on bussiness .
Experiencing happiness and sorrow , smile and tears .
I will ask her for Hug me another day .
I do n't want my friend disappointed ,
a fairy and a farmer love each other .
he don ' know anything he was shock .
Without this , I could not get a master degree . . . . . . . .
And I had no idea what to say to see the hill , decolated with bule Nemophila and rape blosspms , the most popular place in this park .
beef ) - no - tataki `` or `` grilled red beef `` with salt , pepper , and vinegary ( orange or something like that ) soybean sauce ( shoyu ) the last evening before yesterday .
Nowadays the Valentine 's Day has become a festival of the East .
I do not have much time to use it .
First , I 'd like to drink alcohol so I bought beer .
The trip is frustrated not only because it will probably take me 12 hours , but also because I have to stand up all the time on the train .
Nice to see you !
The park covers 1650 acres of grassland and mountains .
So I practicing and studying very hard everyday .
After all I was n't able to write the diary while it was traveling .
He was in hospital three months .
The upper layer is cointreau , it should be colorless , but I failed in this layer .
whenever I went to the theather I am always frustrated .
If you have any good idea to write on this form , please let me know .
Fortunately , not happened the windscreen of car .
But I ca n't help being angry about him .
Of course , Ichiro has private property which enable
So I thought I 'd give it another try and brush up my English , even if it means to make a complete fool out of myself .
Therefore , we have to be patient and try to fin a solutions .
Today is the Valentine 's Day .
Finally , every mothers in picture have a bag .
Today I want to write about smart phone .
Everyone feel the same thing with you . ``
It must be initial failure .
Manju is filled with sweet bean paste .
After bowling , we had drinking party .
Regarding my favorite music , movies , actors / actresses , I do n't have a particular taste for them .
How did jolly out get to have a / the similar meaning to make happy ?
I meant I occasionally tried to find appropriate expressions , words or idioms .
But I 'll work for me and everybody .
Lucky charm : I keep a lucky char in my purse , so I feel anxious if I forgot my purse in my house .
I finally got a chance to see their show , It was so exciting !
After work today , when I walked by my supervisor .
I feel my dad like a tree supporting behind me .
Actually , I 'm playing a basketball in PE class .
I want more study hard .
so he came out the elevator quickly because he was very scare of it .
I really hope that I could be eloquent and talkative ! ! !
I will buy new bag this weekend .
The restaurant was different from the restaurant we usually used .
The Snowdrifts is beautiful , but I can not enjoy them fully .
Tomorrow I 'm going to take accounting test at school .
but some is sweet .
Most people of this age tend to get marry or have a baby .
I wish to go there again .
We may be able to say that the Japanese language is one of Pidgins .
The purpose of the website is that I can post all aspects of learning the languages .
I 'm a college student in china , I love Japanese and English so much .
Bacause compulsory education affects chilren negative .
I am not belong to the club
Finally , the separation of smoking areas is that .
I had been learning classical ballet .
How much will the damage be ?
They were drew by artists in Impressionnistes .
I 'm learning English everyday .
I spent a great time meeting my schools partners again .
Japanese old language 's teacher in high school .
I went to the tower today to see te witch getting burned .
I wrote a diary first in Lang - 8
thanks for your help
To avoid them , some say `` you should be careful ! `` But , it 's no use for skimming case .
Saitama is near to Tokyo .
I cooked and ate carbonara today 's morning .
After 10 minutes past , a salad and the 1st past were served , we realized something different from the meal what we had in MIlan .
One of the most traditional festival Gion Matsuri is now held in Kyoto .
O , well , hey , mister - comes - from - decent - family !
It was very funny from the very beginning : first , I was a bit late coming home , and all the home routines were undone ( like floors were dirty , food was unprepared and different stuff was scattered among living space ) .
The Chinese ministry of education want to change the writing of 44 Chiness characters , according to news .
Still need work tomorrow .
I 've just talked with my parents about study abroad .
Besides , the sounds they picked up were too vague to recognize but they still hilariously told you it were ghost 's voice .
This e - mail from a stable near my house in London .
Then at night , I had a dinner with my previous colleague at Malaysia restaurant .
Today , I 'd like to introduce my school in undergradu .
It 's very compact size only 16cm width , 10cm depth and pretty red .
It is a hard task , but interesting for me , I enjoy reading .
I made a plan about Taipei trip .
I 'm able to go other restaurants by car , but it 's a little troublesome .
In there , he had a voluntary service and made friends with colleagues from various countries .
So I maybe like my job .
My current pc is so slow .
I have pain on knee from the days of one 's earliest recollection .
Thanks for your reading !
There were so many people so we wait about 1 hr but it was so fun today ,
A Happy New Year ! !
I was so thoughtful of him but he does n't care that I have been waiting for him !
We went to the restaurant for dinner with four people and intended to order a single pizza which would be shared .
You have to have a beauty sleep .
I was almost on the deadline , so I asked the Exchange Coordinatrors to fax the documents ( to be sure that they make it on time ) and besides I asked them to mail the documents to Japan .
is this thing I really want ?
First , Premium user entries will have a background color , making them easier to find .
I agree it .
to watch the moment mantis catches butterfly .
She thinks that she want to go there by car and spend time efficiently
I hope that after exam I will go happy and with diplom from music school . . . / / / /
I love using room for adult , when I wake up in the morning I always starting my paltalk software : )
So I hope that we 'll find a happiness for everyone .
but I like frogs .
On the way home , my sister and I were quiet .
The Simpsons .
Even if whenever I go outside , I try to listen one of these .
I was driving in a highway and when I went through the tunnel , a big mountain jumped into my eyes !
I hope I could give out a good news tomorrow ! : )
but nowadays I am tired of doing so because I notice that I am talking same thing everyday .
What do you hear music ?
Gyoza is my most favorite food .
Oh , America if you call for respecting human rights and human dignity , why you threw Benladen ` s cropse in the sea asif he was an animal not a human being .
There is no more thing I have to do !
I do n't know how many people come to today 's party , but
First I have to decide specific object for example to pass one qualification , to teke a exam , or to get job .
I was wondering why Christmas Eve was significant for japanese .
I was thinking about sports and `` races `` and not only athletic races also another sports .
The chanpion was composed young women , about 20 to 30 years old .
I have only a heavy headache .
I want to know that any one can tell me why you want to learn other country 's language ?
So for the invitation , I was clicked on `` Yes `` .
I wonder if I should go to hospital . . . . . . .
I imagined the number of many people having same goal more than my scene of kissing my goal .
I think country side is better for me : )
Shockngily my room that I used to use became my father 's hobby room , so I spent a time and slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable .
I do not know that cause of noise .
I love this tiny vivid yellow smell good flower blooming in the winter naked trees .
Well , thanx for reading ! !
She looked away and said `` ya ! ``
Now , introduce myself !
The bad thing is that it 'll be more difficult for getting a job this year .
This is the taught from my teacher of school .
nowadays I enjoy collect some old toys or empty contener of cosmetics
This is the first time I 've never experienced .
To make a long story for short . ( am I right ? ) To be honestly I do n't have a long story , LOL !
Then she asked again , `` Are you sleeping , are n't you ? `` .
I let my boyfriend see it too .
members can take our vacation freely some extent .
I climbed Kata Tjuta then I saw sunset at airs rock , while I had drink wine .
Before diary was written that I would like to get the iPod .
Before my summer vacation , I succeeded to make two date for summer vacation with her .
He is Japanese champion horse in 2010 .
When I walked along the fried - chestnut shop , The fragrance of fried - chestnut was scattered into the air which make me drooly .
The most common cars in Europe are stick shift cars , are n't they ?
But I was relax before I started running .
Tomorrow is last weekday .
The way how the bookshop is organized is that all of the bookshelves are arranged like a book - lover 's study .
Therefore I have get a few fat recently .
The teacher was wrong or our speech was too boring .
I did n't know enough about subway map , so I was very pressed .
My goal is to build up my vocabularies from 7000 to more than 10000 , which means I can read decent newspapers and magazines like Time without an E - J dictionary .
I think he was also embarrased .
But most popular is Toy Poodle .
It happed that she was n't with my fried .
I started to run from tonight , I want to join the full marathon someday !
If you want to know the reason why Japanese have chicken instead of turkey , please read a the following link ( in Japanese ) :
My favorite auhers are Haruki Murakami , Soseki Natsume and so on .
Because it 's a HISTORY .
And , I 'm looking forward to High School Musical3 Senior Year .
During last two weeks I have got over 160 `` friends `` .
And the thing is . . .
After the check up , I went back home directly and played with my youngest daughter .
And to save my bus fare , I take my bicycle ( to be more clearly it 's my friend 's who went to China two days ago , thus I said `` my `` bicycle . ) to the college .
I hope that I can develope my English , also make many friends on this site !
My drawer , a nearly sealed drawer .
I can ` t beleave this occurrence .
I heard the server of mixi is down .
Heavy snowing can change the cityscapes completely .
If they keep speak it , their conversational skills of English will not be improved anymore .
If I use wrong expressions , please teach me the collect one .
So it turns out to be wines for my current health .
However , I have to admit that the phrase `` you 're slim `` is a compliment to Japanese women although plump women have become more popular than before in Japan .
He said his ability is not enough to fit the position .
Yamaoka is one of characters in Japanese comic `` Oishinbo `` , and I have called by my friends from my undergraduate days because I am similar to him .
After I finish painting two projects , I can go to a more advance class .
Try Writing Diary in English ^ ^
I really hope I could find a job which I prefer .
HaHa , Today 's luckyday .
I 've had headache these day when I was study .
`` I bring some coffee for you would you like it ? `` Asked Bill
However , most important thing is may be human relation .
I have to look for another job to working .
The bad side is that I ca n't go out with my friends during the vacation because I only have the weekends free . . .
I am tired to my work and recently I do n't know if I really want to do this work .
I make my hair cut par a few month .
I wish I was a boy then I can eat anything I like . . . .
I got really shock !
But I try hard to became it .
I 've just finish watching Buzzer Beat .
I used it midnight .
I 'm a student from Italy ( University of Naples ' Orientale ' ) who won an Erasmus scholarship for studying at Your University .
I listen to english podcasts and news , I read english books and particularly try to write more on english because this is my biggest weakness .
Tere is a big festival in my home town now .
I am going to decide a car from among RAV4 , CR - V , or 4Runner , but the problem is the cost for them .
( Australian girl got a gold medal ! )
My late mother was a tone - deaf person .
I was surprised his creativity .
Last week I visited to Texas on business trip with american college .
Other way , It seemed that American or European traveler did n't to try to communicate with local person , Tuk - Tuk driver ( auto bike taxi ) , children , shop staff , stranger , people of leisure , and more . . .
I feel like pleased .
Takoyaki is very famous light meal like a fast food in Japan .
I would like to enjoy holiday by tomorrow .
I 'm wodering I 'd buy new one .
but I am shy to speak English . .
Besides , you can sell that ticket at discount - ticket shop if you do n't need it anymore .
what will I write on the wall I mean I should write anything
Bad Taste Coffee
The man called school master gave me an interview in English .
My answer was `` I think it is wasteful to throw it away . ``
Today , I talked with my coworker about our life .
It 's cloudy today , and just started raininng .
It 's rainy season at June in Japan .
They say it 's our menthality , but till something is our , we can change it by ourselves .
My name is Mami Sueki , I studied Spanish and Linguistics at the University .
What I know for sure is that it is used when you are talking about a situation where somebody else is angry angry about something and therefore you feel uncomfortable .
For me , definition of happiness is to lead a simple life .
Meanwhile , yesterday was also rainy day .
and we went around downtown for shopping
So I could ' nt go to the abroad university this year . . . . . . . . . .
But , there is an obvious border among them .
You ca n't sure of the people you have talked are no harm to your families .
I bought past english tests of entrance examination for university in Hong Kong today .
Now I have my daugter , she is 3 months years old .
I 'm parson who love nature and helth .
These are friend fidelity , altruism , absence of cynicism .
Sanuki - udon is a kind of noodle .
However , I heard the rumor that the government is considering the ban on the disclosure of production site , because consumers may avoid food made in Fukushima and the neighbor prefectures .
If everything is all right , maybe next week my website would have a new home : p
Most of the candidates love and care their family so much .
It showed `` Drug Free School Zone . `` At first , I was so suprised and I thought , `` Free drug ?
We could visit Stanislas Plaza , a very beautiful place in Nancy .
2 . 14 , I want to do something make up .
I had tonkatsu and a vegetable soup with bacons .
Usually , mens in korea does n't have interested in a fashion than women
They were nervous a little .
I have itchy eyes , a runny nose , many sneezing .
Thank U for reading my sentences .
It is worm these days !
It also happened several years ago in Osaka , many stranger got together at Osaka station and . . . .
I have n't use English for a long periods .
I run in 40 miniutes at the training .
I have nintendo DS and PSP too .
Most Korean students are studing hard .
First of all , I ill give my parents half of trillion dollar .
HINT 2 : You can find me in homes located it harder climate .
Now I report this week 's weather .
But it 's first time .
It 's so scarred me .
I went to the rock live yesterday .
Because , I wanted to finish my anime diary during I am in Japan .
Do you all have anything love to do ?
Actually the swimming master has thought me how can I crawl .
But it takes long times .
I am enjoying the rest days just after the beginning of the new year .
Their behaviors smell fishy .
I know exactly who have cheated , but I just walked by and warned them .
Is Japanese examination too difficult ?
( It 's obvious that he is into her .
Also some of people love singing with dance .
as long as I could remember that I did n't experience an entire month without rain .
I know they will not happy with this rule .
I think that we feel more comfortable with being surrounded by only Japanese people .
Brazil is winner .
It was a `` TeMaki - zushi `` party .
My second English Diary .
For enhance the whole family ?
I wanted to stay here more time , but I had to go home after fnished it because I must go to my part - time job ; ( That was very sad . . .
I could get a space enough to read books and study English .
Further more information , you can access from the below link :
Yes I will do .
I wanted to watch and hug a baby of white tiger there .
I have seen some of the paints of Jesus that were drawn Jesus as the shepherd .
I 'm an university student , so my classes usually finish early .
Tea was bitter but tea - cake was very sweet and tasty .
My family were very worry about me .
so I decide to pick it up again .
Today is really busy day .
I try to sign up it .
Today I undergo eye surgery at Yurakucho .
I saw his face that was funny .
So , I 'm heart warming up too .
That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !
By the way , It is middle of the sentences .
Waterfall ?
This spring , whould I still feel something special new ?
So the writing and reading is very important to me .
I thought this cicade was already dead , so I pokesd it with tip of my foot .
And I went to Kasadera to have a dinner which was rahmen .
It was a bad day . . .
4months already past . . . !
I want to speak with foreigner in English : )
It can generate enough electric energy to charge a cell phone or an iPod .
I could n't help studying English conversation .
I always with if I was stronger .
They are more focus on me when I spoke their language .
Tabuse was the best player in Japanese high school .
I will go Pune , India in February 2010 , and study English and management .
Sunlight is a strong , humidity is high , and season of me not good .
I wright about my story .
I want you to go to Kyoto , and go Kiyomizutemple and Yojiya cafe ( * ^ ^ ) /
June temperature in GuiLin city is so hot that I ca n't easy to fall asleep every night .
Yesterday after I had finished the party I was going to read a book some sentence I do n't understand by the way I will read it again .
What I could see were piled stones , vertical criffs , and rough sea .
Because , I will be attendance alone .
My friend is just one person .
We wanna victory the game because all my laboratory members ( including a professor ) like alcohol .
Winnie the pooh is the most important character when I was young .
Watashi ha namida wo hoji suru koto ga dekimasen deshita .
it takes too long to manage it .
Did you ever see it ? interesting ? bored ?
Yesterday was very nice day in Tokyo and the neighboring area so the weather led cherry blossomes to be full bloom quickly .
It 's a tough race but it arrives sea after all .
To learn `` HTML `` and `` CSS `` is big challenge for me , but I will enjoy .
l heard that english post system is not pretty good from other foreign
I prefer a casual style if that is a party .
so I acted violently , and suddenly I cried , and I went out my friend 's home at midnight ( sikamo ( sonoue ) bare foot ) .
I set a target to write dialy once a week .
Fish or Meat
I bought leather jacket and dress .
Japan 's team beat Cameroon 's team in the World Cup .
I have been taking a rest for a month and now is the time to stop being lazy .
I have a husband and a baby she is 7months .
Did you think that you ca n't beleive a guy around 20 watched such a love story ? LOL In fact , I like love story movies because I do n't need to think deeply about films after watching them .
Recently I feel time flies . . . . . .
but if it finish , I would be free ! ! !
If rainy season is end , I want to climb Mt .
It 's difficult to find trash in the road .
Today is festival
Unlikely other DVDs such as `` Spiderman `` or `` Star Wars , `` there is no sequel in the library .
My first travel in Europe alone will have me English conversation skills .
In Japanese traditional system , a oldest son takes a bride and lives with his parents and she takes care of his parents .
In summer , the school gave us so called an English camp where students were supposed to speak English there .
I would apeciate it if you edit my writing or even give me a comment !
It 's one of the most significant festival of China .
We exchanged easy conversation each other .
My dream is to archeologist or a great merchant who travels around the world to the undeveloped place to explore new places , or to become a great diplomat . . .
I am now having a plan to study aborad to Britain , so I have been to a english cream school for a couple weeks , but it 's hard for me to improve my weakness .
But you does n't appreciate it .
I talked about it with foreigners twice .
And they are looking forward to go to the trip .
Actually he is a Japanese learner , and we have been doing language exchanges for one and a half years every day over Skype .
She is in the second year of her high school .
I am get meeting to many people by street live .
It seemed that he really enjoyed his journey there .
If you pay by Lotte card , you can get the chance to discount 2000 won .
I would like to contact with them .
Please come Japan someday !
Although he could reach the hippos , all the monitors did n't work .
Jamming ' Zeb is the name of the vocalist group .
I 'm a new member here .
I was very busy in last week .
When we went there , it was very hot .
A letter to brendan
huong .
The day before yesterday , I had an interview with my both .
I can listen to music on the radio not only English .
And also , I hope my English advanced day by day .
Also , social game is very good because you can make many friend through the game .
I was free today , so I walked the riverside of Kamogawa .
Terms are not esay .
I want to grow up ! !
( actually if we do not have that mind , the person will be said stupid )
I think if anyone hear of this song .
People call the light of hope .
From this March , He will bring his wife and his daughter to Germany .
I returned from my dormitory to my family house yesterday .
maybe I will find and translate a lot of papers from Next week
She told my daughter that she had a really hard time with the same host family because the host mother has been suffering menopuasal symptons and when she is really low , she yells at others throwing something .
As players hit a ball in front of big sized screen which is designed like real 18 hole golf field and physical enviroment , computer can measure the distance , direction , angle and display the position of ball .
I want to speak English using proper explanations .
I want to go to UK as the study abroad in September 2012 .
Japanese blieves when new year come , the new Year God ( Toshigami sama ) aloso come .
Next morning , I put it in to the microwave for 250 seconds and then took it out .
I have lessened chances to speak English these day .
( I still have some stock I do n't finish . ( > _ < ) )
Police says , thay they evacuated by two old men houses .
That was my first time to hardly control my will .
I 'll go flea markets .
I dreamed a baby three days ago .
I worked long overtime this week , especially .
Yesterday , I toothache .
Mixed ground meat , half a raw egg , minced onion , some crushed fu that is a breadlike food made of wheat gluten , and a tofu that is soybean curd , and make it round .
`` In Japan , it is hard to enter to an university .
Because you don ` t consideration for me .
please correct me if I am wrong .
I want him to speak usual ( fast ? ) .
Mom 's voice make me get up every morning .
My R sound always becomes W sound .
Second , inflow of foreign food culture will improve intercultural communication .
I could have done an entry last night but it seems could n't upload .
and we both love naturo , but she loves gaara and I love itachi .
I 'd like to ask you who live in US ; `` Is the Hulu famous ?
I 'm sorry that I could n't show them on this page this time .
We have special dinner with our grandparents and cousnes .
Have a weekend ~
What would a person like this do in a regular base is probably surfing the Internet .
Unfortunately we could n't speak English very much .
there is a French journalist with us , too .
In summer season , almost all water falls dry up usually , but fortunately they were still falling with roar sound .
Probably , these `` realistic `` function not equal graphic hiresolution problem .
I was given an onigiri ( Japanese rice ball ) by a owner of my apartment just now .
But I have to be careful drinking too much .
today is saturday , but I have to work !
There are these times that I do n't want to tell truths about my flaws or I do n't want to hurt someone 's feeling . ( sometimes I can hurt people by telling truths . ) or I do n't want to make the situation awkward by telling truths .
I do n't want to talk about this topic ,
today , I join in this SNS .
I mean , I thought I would see this movie by English subtitles since many people said that the movie is useful to improve your listenning ability on the Net .
Above all , the most memorial travel is Dalat located in middle of viet nam .
I 'm 20 yeas old and a university student in Japan .
I clean my new room , which used to be my brother 's ) , made a call to some companies , ordered ten textbooks I will use at graduation school on the Internet , went out to buy a computer device , washing clothes , ironed out some shirts , and set for wireless connection .
Lots of work are awaiting me !
All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .
we Taking a break , I read a reference book .
My hobbies are painting picture and reading .
Often I have asked me , if I were to start a new life in a country of the world that country would .
The news said it will stop snowing until noon .
Besides , it feels great to givie speeched in front of many people , I always becomw extremely nervous though : P
maya : Fine , I just need an ID card and we 'll be all set .
And more , Japanese peoples are not accept incompletion commercial product .
I noticed many many things due to my failure .
anyway I finished test ! !
It seems the latest version of racing game that I have been waiting will go on sale at last within this year .
During the autumn , I enjoyed the autumn color .
That 's crazy teenager 's story at upper east in NY .
Innumerable museums and art galleries , theatres and opera houses are pride and joy for older ages when people come to value their national heritage .
But the sky is all clear , and the temperature is rising now .
There are a lots Mandarin shops encompass the plaza .
Then , time when I must go out !
I 'm going to study here until May , so one - third of my study abroad has finished already .
In , good night !
So , customers can make electronic copies of their favorite comics in low prices .
It is the most important beginning in the new year .
for that if gold fish full in love with another fish like people fish ca n't remember because fish will lost memery
But , from yesterday I have recieved many messages and gifts .
Furisode is a kind of kimono .
Their family name expressed their profession and their role such as bow maker or body guard .
s .
I woke up with headache this morning at 11 am .
So , I appreciate them .
If felt so great and I really wanted to do it again this week , hehe
I could get so relaxed .
I sometime ask my self what I learned last year and how I was changed compared with I was last year .
But now she is always sleep .
it was so delicious : )
And this semester is getting end . . .
I realize that I am a innocent person ever .
In Japan , very hot and humid .
I shave my chin , clean my hair , wash my face and have breakfast at 7 o ' clock .
afraid of my furture
Sometimes my speaking makes him annoyed , I feel sorry .
I 'm getting tired when I just remind that I have to do this work for about two month .
I always want to write a diary in English , but I do n't know whether I write correct or not .
Anyway , we got in a car and off Ayudhya .
We ` ve planned to watch `` Transformer 3 `` in 3D .
For example , I often get some annoying information .
There are many kind of things were selling such as herbs , bags , lights .
But , I finally had to admit that I got a bad cold after feeling an intolerable pain in my throat .
Some of them are fond of looking for horny girls or gay .
So I can not understand an action by the sea chepherd .
This is my first entry to Lang - 8 .
When I was a child , snow makes us happy because it is so beautiful .
Today , My work is very hard .
he was quite upset maybe a bit angry and decided to check attendance .
And I hope I will make friands with many people for international exchange : - )
They did n't necessarily hate English , but I think there were mainly two reasons .
By the time 9 : 40 , the sky became very dark , we known that the Sun was completely covered by the Moon , but we can not see it .
Actually we have n't so much time to wait in the queue outside the pavilions .
And also Menma be happy with friends .
But I have something wrong about my eyes .
There are a lot of rain in TSUYU but Japanese people enjoy TSUYU .
But it 's really a great festival , you can see my picutres .
I do n't know if she can stand up again .
But I 'm not about it .
I went for a business trip to Shiga .
Above setences derive from `` URL ``
I also recommend `` Lie to me `` to you .
Yesterday , I found wonderful - looking doughnuts at doughnuts shop on my way home .
I have to write a diary more .
Now I am in extreme depression in the lab .
I did n't decide for what carreer I would study .
First wright
The Yamanote line is a name of railway .
This time , I became sing the Minyo a little bit .
I joined and we talked about lots of things , our hobbies , trips , jobs and so on in English and then several people joined us one after another .
The interview process is spoke English all , but my friend used English to spoke
Wild camels are giving much damage to the nature .
It is very ingenious battery .
One my friend bet with other , that Olga gone with us drinking beer .
So , I decided about my family trip .
I woke up at 8 : 00 am .
but I had to work at my desk , eagerly .
Other cause is when I was a student , I did n't have a speaking class in a school .
they says this warm weather condition was occurred about 60 - 70 year ago in our history . . .
MOFA had turned down the proposal which Tehran wants to establish a commercial representative office after `` consultations with Gamzou 's office ! Does it mean that only if under Israeli 's agreement could Taiwan seek further development with Arab countries ?
These classes is very fun and fascinate .
It 's the last day of this year
Here is a message from an ebay seller .
I do n't understood well at first but I keen to exactly know so I read and read . .
I really enjoyed this holiday , I 'm a little bit tired though .
To help her son get to America ,
today I worked in the morning ,
I want to look for love truely ,
A little exciting and nervous that talk with friends abroad
He get the cock at a stall of local festival , when it was a chick .
It 's a first international photo festival in Japan . ( They said so . )
I decide exspand my skills in English .
We never take part in a party , so we are looking forward to go .
I 'd like to go to UK to study Englad Cluture .
However , I do n't have girlfriend , so I will go to there with only boys .
Today was so crazy day .
Japanese often say `` Otsukaresama `` each other when we encourage something , finish our work and study like a greeting .
because he takes a long time to solve two digits calculation .
And I never do like this in my country .
`` Is this how everybody hang out in the U .
It 's in the middle of the night .
So , giving the money in wedding ceremony is helping each other .
Now I ` m doing a presentation with MS PowerPoint , in background , haha .
I still remember some cartoon I have seen .
I know it is kind of waste !
I am planning to go to America in summer vacation .
It is fanny to say so by myself , but it was very tasty .
Then we went to cinema , to Ice Age .
It was a very fine day with no cloud in the sky .
I found an old friend in facebook and I send a message .
I thought it is used because ' of ' and ' 've ' are the same pronunciation .
I want to keep on writing diary every day .
I think it 's the terrible phenomenon because we ca n't know the things unfavorable for the mass media through them .
I can watch digital broadcast now !
I do n't know how many people is voted for class president in U .
Unfortunately my wife will not have days off next week , so we ca n't go on a trip to somewhere very far away .
I am glad to watch them while running .
A Japanese guy insisted iPhone 4 is better since even though it has many function , it is smaller than iPad .
So I got time to do some houseworks .
The biggest issue in the current Korea
I guess that they want to boast themselves to be busy .
Please contact with me .
it makes me feel bad .
So to avoid loss of my data , I bought a new one immediately yesterday .
I think I meet bad people .
I suffered much stress when I was studying Spanish and I already know that to learn languages is so difficult for me ( Japanese and Englis are totally different also Spanish ) , but after learning Spanish I finally noticed the importance of the language , it is worldwide ! !
I live in Yokohama from Japan .
Why people learn Polish ?
I want to store the winter clothes in a case .
It itself is good .
There were a lot of asian people compared with the last party , where
In other words `` May 30 `` is a day to clean the environment .
Tomorrow is another boring day , I have to find out what I can to for not wasting my time . . .
Sometimes we discuss this but we 've not reached the consensus .
I have n't study these days .
Janpan 's earhquake
But first of all I 'm in love with polish rock bands .
That 's why they hang a key on the neck .
And I want to be able to write English well .
Btw , I learned a lo of English .
It was sunny day yesterday .
Watch movie , Be snow come down outside the window .
But I want to enjoy myself in next week 's 5 consecutive holidays ( Golden Week ) .
There are a lot of impressive stories in that speech .
You can relax and play with rabbit !
Before I write next journal , I want to pray and say thank you to everyone .
I was right , there were many beautiful clay pigs there .
Specially , when it is hot like today whether , I think more stuffy .
Then I can use those extra time to get small gods done ,
When our big boss came , I looked like a stupid staff .
Feel like going out . . . . : P
Good luck for everyone , who has summer exams now , too .
My car is relatively small , but I usually cut the wheel four or five times to store parking space .
Their messages couraged me very much .
However , everything has a good side and a bad side , and mobile phones is no exception .
Thank you for your help translating the new top page .
We eat a lot of food .
Really , I wont to take a bath .
They brought out that it was detected that radioactive iodine over standard level from water in a purification plant yesterday .
In fact Sri Lanka is famous point for surfing .
I was so happy , because I thought that I finally found a conversation partner on foreign soil , I could easily improve my English .
Almost people sometimes ask something to themselves ,
He went to kitchen with a heavy step .
I 'm embarrased because I ca n't speak English as well as trasnlate it into Japanese .
I wish to I can find person who are learning chinese ! so we can help each other !
The company will deal with Japanese goods to all over the world .
If there were some gentle music , a cup of tea or coffee , a picturesque view in the free afternoon , and nobody bothered you , it would be pretty glorious .
I booked a dormitory , shared a room with 5 women .
I will visit a leather craft shop on the magazine in near future .
My younger brother gave me .
After four days busy work , on friday morning I was plan what to do at weekend .
I was happy to talk with friends .
So now , he went to the America after an official announcement that he would leave the ' 2PM '
I have a plan that I 'll go to Japen to study law 2 years later , so I must study hard , and I will .
Jokes are sometimes very difficult , especially blue jokes .
I 'm planning to establish badminton club with my friends of different university ! I was a member of badminton club at junior high school and high school .
I bought to stand in a line at 30 minute .
New years is coming ~ ~ ! !
`` watashi `` and `` watakushi `` mean `` I `` .
The writer 's opinion reflected to the articles more prominently .
Well , some people speaks Belarusian and others can easily understand them , thinking at the same time , that such people are very strange .
I 'm going to tell you how 's his bad - temper and why he 's being so .
In epidode 1 - 3 , Rachel said `` I should really get back to work . `` and Phoebe answered `` Yeah , 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered . `` .
Because I seemed to kind of lost weight in recent years , he hoped me to leap at the chance to do the physical inspection .
He is very cute and smart perdson usually , but sometimes lacks in delicacy .
I always say to him that I 'm OK , and I 'm worrying about his health .
My favourite subjects are maths and phisic , so probably I can have problem with connect they with traveling or something like that .
As you know , Bruins won the Stanley Cup this year !
Woww . . . it 's rather easy way for selling there , Well , actually we have selling stuffs on the floor in Thailand too but mosguito nets and helmets , I have never seen it in Thailand yet ! !
As for music , I like 90 's J - POP , J - ROCK , like THE YELLOW MONKEY , JUDY AND MARY , THE BLLIANT GREEN , Mr .
This year I intend to go to Australia for working holiday .
First time I went abroad in the summer 2008 .
The day before yesterday , we got the first snow in Philadelphia .
I love travels abroad .
After she return to home .
When I open the front display , I could n't watch the display so I went to a store to repair it .
so it is hard to paint as same as I see .
I have to say honestly that I have no idea about the answers .
I make up my mind when I try to dish - washing .
I ca n't remember who is the singer .
So the stadium is a little bit near .
This diary was dark topic for me .
My heart is your thorne .
For a day , for a week , for ever , we wrote .
On the other hand , in the games , an intelligent competitor can immediately perceive which tactic their coaches using , and that efficiently advances the cooperation between the athletes and their coaches .
Woman of Gundam maniacs
What do you know that I say ?
I do n't know all the grad how much they recived but my nephew he recived around 560 bath for this term .
More than 80 or 90 % girls love your products .
My english is not good , so I try to learn english now .
In one vase she 'd put 3 flowers and in another5 .
Soba is a Japanese buckwheat noodles .
Tommorow I 'm late shift , But I will go to hospital so I should go to bed early tonight . .
I wonder where they stock foods .
Today I 'm planning to meet with my friend , who I did n't see long time .
Have you ever watch the movie ?
On the top of that .
The reading passage states that salvage logging is good for the ecosystem and has been used for hundreds of years ; however , the lecturer argues from a different perspective that salvage logging is obviously against the law of nature and will cause a threat to the forest environment as well as local communities .
There is no end to the local hospitals which are forced to close since they always have difficulty recruiting enough doctors .
But the summer vacation will finish Augast 31 = (
Until getting travel I need to have exact company addresses .
Japanese conversation lesson , announcing weekly events in Tokyo , AP news and life counseling are my favorites .
I miss your smile , the way that you called me , all that we left in the pass .
For example , German shepherd weard the police , his owner weared a prizoner .
I always say yes for him because I love him .
I wanna have a sex .
and , when I was practice long jumping , I slip down on the floor .
I have a party tonight with teachers .
Anyway forty gyoza was eaten by us .
Im bored of this excuse . . .
I 'm looking forward to listening to his accents everyday from now on .
I hate the terrible feeling when over drink .
It 's really exciting that I can try English - related job in there !
From now on , I will strike while the iron is hot to further my Englsih study .
have a good time
Anyway , all is done , my summer vacation is started , and I feel FREE !
She is kind and ardor .
This was my first foreign travel .
It was thought that the pearl was a mermaids ' tears .
a black man professor who teach in Harvard was under arrest by cops
At last , the concert of Franz Ferdinand was so amazing .
Like being in the film
My family raised a little puppy When I was an elementary school student .
This is what I said .
The Marunuma Plateau is about 1400 meters in height , so leaves already began to red .
It 's a good movie and I like it .
The reason why I 'm writing this is because I would like to go to the University in UK .
Yestarday , I listened to an information about bilingual trouble that have Japanese background from some Japanese students and office workers .
and look away .
I 've been thinking what I should do here in Japan , because I always had some goals to achive when I was in Canada .
I couldnt use this sns for like forever
Hopefuuly he will answer my email tommorow .
Do you have something to struggle for in your daily life ?
Our national debt is increasing to almost 200 % of GDP .
The daily set usually consists of more than 20 pages , so for me it takes about 2 hours or so to read this newspaper even if I do not read every article thoroughly .
`` Miaow ~ ~ ~ ~ `` , oh , poor tiny little things , where are you ?
I chack your japanese diary .
Since I really like cats , then I decide to keep it on my office backyard .
English is communication tool and the most popular in the world .
To see long term , they will be big benefits to company 's growth .
I 'm a student and my tongue is Cantonese .
And I want a white coat .
finally I bought some books , butI felt a little waste of money .
For example I want to create an OS ( Operating System ) but simple version for now , therefore to collect and use information and understand them goodly , I must improve my English vastly .
Some views of social practice
It 's a multi - culture forum .
I 'm so happy by them . .
The Meteorological Agency issued high temperature warning in each place .
His lively classes has benefitted me a great deal and my writing skills does improved during this semester .
I think that the idea that taking dictation while I 'm listening to Japanese conversation is great because I can improve my translation ability .
I learned from my friend this sharing space .
He is almost Metabolic Syndrome .
I feel there is n't such big difference of the palate ( the sense of taste ) between Japanese and Englishpeople .
This weekend I went back to my hometown after three - month interval .
I have been joining in chat in English cafe twice a week .
Today , I went to music studio to play the bass guitar with my friends .
I took up using Facebook these days .
Sometimes , a new person enters your life must for a reason
So , she advise me how to speak Queen 's .
I did n't feel I did it poorly , but there seemed to be a several persons applied .
I like to watch movies that would put me into consideration .
Secondly , let 's consider the crop losses by disease and pests .
I got up soon and opened the TV to get the information about it .
I know that Japan is condeming for hunting whales .
However my guess was wrong .
believe it or not , I have never graduated from high school and I am an university student !
his job and consider his achievements as significant
I hope you willing correct my English on this story .
I do n't know how to describe my heart now !
Today , I did communication in English .
So I wanna know what is great with it .
I think the most important thing to learn new language is to memorize a lot of words and idioms untill you are able to read newspaper without dictionary .
It 's a romantic memory to her - - my colleague Yvonne .
In that evening , we went to site of the festival .
Hi everyone !
When coming back home from his work , my husband often asks me [ dai - sukina - terebi , kyou - mo - takusan - mita ? ] .
With wooden large house as well as baseball ground , the family lives , getting along with friendly neighborhoods and sometimes play baseball together .
It is sensitive and difficult problems .
They act like they are do n't know me . .
I wish you have a nice day .
I did n't wear a lot of cloths , I was wearing only one .
It takes a short time from Prague , where I live , to Paris .
I 'm very excitde and happy !
However , their children sometimes do n't understand them and some of them even set themselves against their parents and quarreled with them who are very much concerned about his growth .
He is Fantasista .
But he so much scared that his heart stopped and he died .
He is a nice composer and wrote a music for the one I wrote the lyrics .
The celebration was continued before 5 a . m . Then we went to sleep .
I like hamburger .
I 'm looking forwad you to pointing out my error .
I love the movies named `` Finding Nemo `` and `` UP `` ~ ~
He made a joke `` I drinked the water containing the iodine . `` He claimed that the current dose of radiation is OK .
She suddenly aware of it .
What do you think that ?
I 've been hate Otorohinology still now .
because I like listening to music .
I got the score first .
Though I do n't like writing a diary , even worse in English , I 'll keep it as far as I can for my writing skill .
In particular , our Japan , we are well on tha way to an aging society more and more .
In conclusion , please remember that I always read your compositions if I do n't correct or comment !
So you should make your bellybutton clean !
When it could find leaks , it repaired the cracks and checked again by pouring water from horse .
Through teaching for the new members I am getting many complicated feelings .
relationship and showed the relationship as bellow .
Does anybody read it before ?
But why has it taken this long . ``
This is very tourning point on Japanese history ! .
This is my first entry in Lang - 8 .
Now , because it had over , so my chance to talk with foreigners is like disappearing ~ so bad , I 'm wondering how can I practice my Japanese since there 's only few friends learn japanese well .
I am in my university now , but I can not study English any more .
I still need a long time to write in English .
I 'll work harder and harder to make much money !
In Japan , Odaiba , there is a shopping mall .
He is too naughty that made the gift broken .
Why they catch fishes if they would n't eat them ?
thank you .
I have to find good way . . . . .
Even I 've been to there 6 - 7 times . . .
I write a first diary .
Example . . .
Is there someone who want to study Japanese ?
We learned a lesson that we would drive motorcycles when we visit our teacher next time . = (
I went home in CHUNG - Li yesterday .
Guangdong is locate at south of China .
But our habbits and menthality keep our together .
the staff started the checking ticket then finally my turns came .
I felt my eyesight was getting poor recently , my contact lenses does n't fit me .
words by heart , listening some English news , writing something on
Even chilly and too much rain , Broadway was fully packed as always .
I feel hard to get up early especially in winter .
I had long hair before , but it was annoyed while I 'm working at bookstore .
And I do n't believe it .
Since I began to work ,
I want iPhone4 !
After that she went to our younger son day care and picked him up .
However , nowadays , Japanese young people tend to eat fast - food and cooked meal by preference .
Hollo everyone , nice to meet you at lang - 8 !
Anyway , it has finished and I can read my favorite books again . . . .
When Japanese men take public bath , almost all of us cover our sexual symbols with towel .
I think I should study English and American culture to enjoy my trip more next time !
After getting home a having some quick supper and in a meantime reading the seed manual I starting to put everything in order .
magnitude 6 . 1
This artist is my favorite group .
At last , I want to say : Nice to meet you ~ ~ ~
I had a TOEIC test on Sunday .
because I do n't have time to speak English in japan .
Why do you say in french in french
Because I will quite my job .
You should read this book , if you have chance ! : )
So , first of all is graph of smoke .
Boat with big group of people put in to the shore , and crew began unload cargo from the ship .
She worried about her unrequited love .
And also please my English correct .
which something delicous ! !
Doctors in Japan generally say you should n't drink at least once or twice a week to rest your livers .
I had learned very fast and very well
He examined them and he noticed that the child had a serious injured .
I also have had hard time .
In fact , we run and look around them .
During the subway My nose was strongly stimulated by a disgusting smell around me .
It was not so easy than I had expected .
But there 's kind of unreal feeling like after a long time hard working and then tell you , you 're free now .
I uplaoded a new picture as my avatar .
When I come back , I ` ll write you how I ` ve spent my vacation . * waiting for your commets and corrections *
Monday and tuesday I have not gone to school .
Thanks for reading my dairy .
Boring day
Today , I had my first experience .
He was hungry , angree and terrible . . .
In this day , my village will celebrate together and enjoy the beautiful firework .
I know I get something to tell you all if I carry my life by doing some activities even if it 's an ordinary one .
Yesterday , my friends cooked Vietnamese foods for me .
That is the only way to protect you .
Foreigner , I want in your country !
I made many friends and I began to study that child care .
Before thirty minutes of departure , we walked to the gate .
Walking along the lake which nourishes the bamboos , it had been lunch time while we got there .
I should tell her how to attach photoes to an e - mail when I visit her next time ^ _ ^
Especially , my close friends firmly have principles or their own way of life which are quite often far from my ones .
Recently , I feel that Japanese ad - technology buisiness are getting spirited .
I worry about keeping my precious things such as wallet , passport , but I heard Nepal is good place .
Japanese comedy skit may be too fast for who is not native speaker .
He likes sweets as well , so we often share each snacks .
I record my favorite program and listen to it when I go to work or home .
Firstly my kids got into the ball then the instructor blew it up by air machine .
When I feel sunrise , I realize I 'm alive .
It is quite clear up and crisp day today .
I feel myself bad in such conditions , but cold I hate too !
I 'm grateful to my friend for inviting me to the knitting club that the English ladies belong to .
and then I participate in study group .
It was too long time that I felt such kind of feelings .
- practicing English pronunciation
And I made my bed after I washed my tooth today .
He also studying English like me .
I 'm Japanese , male & 29 years old .
Today 's article I chose for my online lesson was about a warning on finger cuts .
I take one week vacation in this summer .
Do you like kind of music like this ?
Area of the lands is 1 acre each .
However , I really think that it is not only MacDonald food , but also we can say quite the same things to another fast food .
Because I 'm goin to stay homestay .
we turned right went ahead the urban instead of the library .
I am going to do step by step .
I had worked japanese restrant for four years as a waiter and cook .
I have ever been to some countires .
Sorry to say , the wether forcast says next day is going to be rain too .
For example , renting a helicopter and keeping a vehicle in management .
This is my first journal on Lung 8 .
bcz I watched the movie `` The smurfs `` with my fr .
Yesterday , I woke up and I had a sore throat .
The key point is the forwards and set plays .
Unpredictable monuments have also appeared there .
I am writing a diary after a long interval .
I 'm happy to feel that fall is getting closer .
I did n't understand the construction of this sentence , especially the phrase `` how is it then that . . . `` and the usage of `` , as , `` .
If someone stand at the window midnight , I can see her clearly ! !
I love watching F - 1 through eight or nine years ago .
Tell me your opinion as a human .
The most popular food that is used in this celebration is called `` Ajile Moshkel Gosha `` ; it means `` Problem Solver Nuts `` .
Again , thank you for the comment .
long time no write . . .
befer I drink almost everyday .
Or those words mean something different ?
We may go abroad by ships but it 's too slow .
On the other hand , I am busy on learning Chinese character and reading books .
Maybe he has to wite a long and boring essay , maybe he has to find a job , maybe he is suffering from a disease , maybet he just lost all his money . . .
I hope we could enjoy sharing topics , helping each other with your Japanese and with my English .
Preten to be a Scottish Fold . . . . . . . . . . .
I confirmed when I cut my hair last time , I had n't went since last September ! !
One reason , I will discuss about something with people all over the world .
I wonder why American did not realize this cooking method of fish .
Last night , I saw another movie .
The body was burned , but she relesed a capsul to the earth before she 's burned .
If you have time , please correct .
I do n't like cold . . .
There prepared a lot of dishes and drinks served by catering .
We chooses the name by the feeling of pronunciation .
A book belonging to a specific subject contains a well explanatory content that is presented from the easiest part to the most difficult part .
We also have to obtain his mobile phone and go to ward office
If we lived in countryside and with our parents and grandparents together , we would have a lot of things to do .
I rearry enjoyed her stage .
I like to learning many languages but about english , I dont want to study .
Today I spent studying .
But , one moth ago , a friend of mine lent me a PS2 .
I know you like fishing .
People who have cat 's toungue can not avoid part of tangue which can sense the heat the best when we eat something hot .
I hope noone will be passed away cause of this typhoon .
I started working from the end week of July .
I was went to KIM - PO airport at yesterday
Ich lernte Deutsch zwei Jahre lang in der Universitat , aber Deutsch habe ich vollkommen verlernt .
In this summer , I quite often see some girls who wear bikini and lie down in the park .
If people do their hobbies consciously , they can forget task in their work and release their physical fatigue too .
So , the day was cloudy .
The ancestors left plenty of customs and traditions which not only enrich our lives but also make our lives more meaningful .
I 'm really looking forward to May 7th ( today )
What do I say this word in Dutch ?
I am taking a course about marketing , teacher ask us to formulate a brief plan for a premium vacuum cleaner .
One of the reasons is that the support of space programs will not bring human a lot of profits .
I just have came back home .
Cockroach is my eternal enemy . . .
Problems with Infulenza
Now I am in summer holiday .
Last month I borrowed the Manga `` Hana - Kimi , for you in full blossom . ``
I must have study to pass the examination .
I did n't go out lately that way I enjoyed .
It looks exactly a excited fight .
Let me see , I do n't know the detail .
Maybe you do n't interested in cherry blossomes . . . `` he said .
I am reading a book and I do n't understand something about question - tag It is difficaul to me but before I asked Rosie on MSN and then I would like to ask you again .
As taking a walk in the morning , I enjoy my white breath moves like smoke and dissipates somewhere .
It is my first time to live in the foreign countriy so everything is new to me : )
Thanks for inviting me as a frined
I am going to introduce Taiwan for a France lady , who is my mother 's business partner , next Monday , and it will be her first time visit Taiwan .
In my literature class , I have to read a lot of novels and study a lot of difficult vocabulary such as ' demythologize ' ( is there anyone who uses this word in real life ?
When you want to pay money to register , the shop will time 1 . 15 .
I made a `` Mizuyoukan `` , a kind of sweets , I used only sweet bean paste , vegetable ( seaweed ) gelatin and water only three ingredient ! !
Now I can see what I really want to do , I will go my way toward my good future from now .
This is why seafoods are often seen in Barcelona .
I 'm a good singer .
The indoor temperature also rises up to around 32 centigrade .
When I was kid , I bilieave that rabits live in the moon .
I do n't want to take it from Chinese resaler on the Internet .
It is a part of both memory and life .
Important things , they have to have good relationship .
She never gone to another country even US .
so I was looking forward to reading it
I think I am a coward because I afraid so many thing ,
I hope the situation turn better .
Our music director chosed very rhythmical and complex musics .
French girls were on my floor , now they have left .
To be sad , I think taht we have poor mind nevertheless we live in Japan .
Last time , I could not almost understand the detail of agenda .
But they never use those words in order to communicate their opinion and sense unlike the human .
I like studing both because I would like to speak them fluently so I took many English and Chinese classes .
For now , the fever was gone .
But when I recognized the fact that all most everyone who loves sake were dead by cancer or throw themselves as an alcoholic I got shocked .
my school life was always enjoyable ! ! ! !
Yesterday , I imagined myself at a nother time and in a nother place so , I was very happy .
But you are the person who sides me no matter how I am and what I am .
It is so common as breakfast menu in Japanese too .
If I can use English well , I can read more books and enjoy travel .
We have to change the article 9 of the constitution ! ! !
Li Yuanni has no ides that her decision is overheard by her daughter Fang Deng , the female twin .
In my opinion , to be a good researcher it is necessary to have a experience of collaborating with famous researchers .
This year I 've started to study ballet , it 's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child , or at least that was I always tought , but I was lucky to have the chance .
A street was flooded and I was caought in a traffic jam
The main problem is that Jiro is not the main character so he does not appear so often .
I 'll do my best , this year .
I could n't say back anythig because I can not speak Korean but my western friends .
Cocking ! !
It is very crispy and salty .
Menma is chinese bamboo shoots that have been dried , soaked in water and then seasoned for use in cooking .
I 'm spending my time for thinking what I have to do fun ?
Even in the period of crisis our women like to get dressed .
Well , have you got some fantastic ideas to ma ?
So I often forget a lot the I had wanted to do .
I feel I could have good deream in this night .
I sometimes do something humming a tune .
mandatory for all of us to give blood in School , I was afraid of rolling up my
because my mom likes what I study , listening , writing or speaking english , and now I am writing english diary . . . .
Of course , there are many competitions .
I 'm thinking about straighten up my clothes today .
I think curry rice must be no . 1 food in Japan .
I 'll write summary of story Takekurabe next time .
I think it is unfair .
Maybe we would like to ask the professional person come and clean about an half year .
If I have a time again , I want to go to the Zoo again with my family .
It was rain today .
if this summer vacation I meet you too .
This evening , I drove to my friend 's place to enjoy dinner with them .
I have terrible to write because I do n't have someone who
It has animals magnets of 20 pieces and explanation which is how to life each animals .
Ives is famous place for its beautiful beach among British , I heard .
My school class starts in next week .
I lent the apartment and I 've done everything I have to do for this college .
`` Piacere di conoscer - la / ti `` to wich you can reply :
When I got back to the photocopier and was about to start , Judy came in the room and told me that she recalled that the machine would n't recognized the size automatically ; we had to use the buttons on the panel to set the size explicitly .
So I should study to english .
First of all , if I have a kid , I wont 't take my kids there !
I also heard the sound of the ambulance this New Year 's Day .
I took hot spring .
As a result , these experiences will useful for their career .
I do n't watch movie often , not mention knowing movie stars .
my poor english
I accidentally attracted by a JP learning magzine .
As you know well , Japanes is a minor language .
whether bite from head or bite from tail ?
Do you know futsal ?
this phrase is most impressive words for me in junior high scool .
And if there is more natural way to say that , I 'd be appreciate if you tell me such sentences .
But today I am going to put new songs on my iPod .
Most bus stops were passed because of no passenger , and sometimes people ran to the bus to ask for stopping .
See , this www means laughing in Japanese .
I ca n't go to university
This is why I want to hone my English until I get confident , though , I do n't know when it comes . . .
But , he was smile .
However , disobeying unjust laws is irreplaceably vital for us .
That should be the only opportunity for my life time .
Fisrt Day
So older parson can not .
The most important thing for me at this moment is to sustain good condition .
I want to intriduce my character today .
So , I was late for the class little bit .
The John Cusack was also awesome !
I wonder why the big bang theory have no awards , because I love it so much .
I was bored with him .
Halfway through cooking , I feel I 'm full .
Last Sunday I went to movie theatre .
I like child , but I think parenting is so hard .
She could n't communicate with me only in Japanese .
I wanted to eat it and I looked for the store selling it .
We ordered delivery chicken at our home and drunk beer & soju .
After that , she was moved and wept with joy .
I learn it !
Though , good luck ! ``
I think it is better than sitting in closed room on lection .
ramen is japanese noodle , and it 's very delicious .
Today , I took an ID of Lang - 8 and surfed this website .
Just want to sit and not move anywhere .
Changing the topic , I have only four - months stay in NY left .
I watched Korean drama .
then coming the
I mean it that natural ?
According to a news paper , this month will likely be the hottest August since 1946 .
My hobby is surfing in internet and skateboarding , dancing and riding bmx .
It means people become tired because of the new surroundings which is , for example , new school start , new life , new term , and so on .
Staying in Kyoto is very comfortable for our family , I don ` t have to care about radiation , blackouts and aftershakes .
After finished movie , I was searching the internet for music .
Hot morning in Tokyo .
However , my speaking skills is much poorer than writing skills .
I went `` Mickey House `` a English conversation cafe in Takadanobaba and was talking with foreigners .
You can see from the pictures , they loved bread .
So I do n't want to go hostfamilies who have little conversation .
This is not a good news for real estate prospectors ,
How about you think ?
I was impressed with its library that had a large number of beautiful old books neatly ranged on the bookshelves .
tomorrow I have class assembly !
While waiting the line , I feel sorry about them .
Sakura is blooming but it 's a little cold every day so many Japanese people had not realize a coming of Spring .
On that time , electricity had recoveried .
Today 's English conversation class was canceled because of the earthquake and rolling blackouts .
I heard it course is so beautiful .
15 co - workers including me , gathered at a restaurant where we often held parties in old days .
cozy atmosphere .
we did it !
But my head of English words but less pitiful ,
The message is very interesting . `` Hey , I know a very good man who said he liked you very much .
The thing is I have a class today , but the attendance is optional since it 's weekend .
I 've read `` The Catcher In The Rye `` written by J .
Sometime my friends visit me during my work .
Recently I 've been so busy about my study and part time jobs .
I listen to English proglam for ipod every morning in the train to go to mywork .
Sunday August 29th
After finished meeting , we had a good time with cup of the coffee .
And I have many work to do .
I always feel tired very much .
They were so surprised but It seemed they did n't mind .
I heard from my friend about the Lang - 8 that good method study for me .
describe their hard club practice .
Of course many people die in these works .
Sometimes , there will be problems when you change culture .
What 's more , and most depressing thing is maybe I 'll move to a new compus with my classmates that are far from the city center , far from my girlfriend , far from my love . That I have no choice but to try a long distance love .
Actually , I can understand everything , it 's just that when it comes to talk , I get anxious .
Regaedless of the subject of a sentence , you must not forget to add `` ha `` .
So there might not be our classes .
After a long time I come back now , and I am very happy to can write again for my friends .
I went to a bedrock spring and a manga - kissa .
Lastnight , when I emailed a Lang - 8 friend , my friend called me .
He felt something weird , but he was too excited to think carefully .
Therefore , I used to do holiday 's life .
This is the only reason why I 'm here today ! ! ! ! ``
I 'd better to check doors are closed every time : )
It 's one of famous sporting goods for those people wo n't go outside or register gym have to be paid money .
I felt unhappy because of my month test .
But I ca n't to image more sentences over than my English skills .
) I tried to recover my hair with a hair drier , but I failed .
Some road became like river .
I really like staying at home .
I know the result that I could n't get even a job interview caused by my poor career for the position .
I say a extraordinary phenomenon : everyone is extreme excited .
noy is always confused the day .
I look up my face and barber on mirror .
I 'm seeking the way of how the organization could be best .
I will go to Malaysia at 2011 January for study English .
My English is poor , so I want to improve it .
I am always hoping to ship the items with cheaper prices but they try to send an offer that expensive shipping cost .
I 'll update the rest pictures as soon as possible .
But normally we eattwo donats but one of my coworker eat tooday 14 donats .
I only used iPhone 4 with the help of many talented people by using the application
and 1 would like to inspire to everyone 's efforts .
In addition , my friends will act as emcee and perform on rock - and - roll tonight .
She is 49 now but she looks great and full of energy .
I often go to a climing gym every weekend .
It was really fun
But this thinking is never last .
I need little Courage .
My car was on service station so I had four free hours .
But it was great place ! ! ! ! Especially in limestone cave .
The fact is that some doctors suggested her had better pay attention to H1N1 .
Today I went to Kokyo , where Japanese prince lives to see a sakura .
There is around a month I 've never seen he .
Communication is very important for my job .
I want to watch anime ~ ! !
In addition , by planning before such free time , I can afford the free day more economicaly .
So , I and she might be family .
Informing Japanese language is a little bit difficult , I think .
especially , ' English conversation ( II ) ' and ' the oriental understanding '
Now , I came home .
Because of th school garden party .
people normally pay for their insurance money ( premium ) by credit card as it guarantees many merits above .
The film is full of important events of America as The Vietnam war and other more .
I will go to Australia for 12days , 7 - 18 March .
I was cycling along the river with Yuya , who was riding bihinde me and shooting camera with a lot of enthusiasim .
I 'd like to help everybody , with learning my native languages !
It was good or not ?
How many are you your high score ?
Furthermore , every single pack of cigarlett in here contains advertisements which give us warning with horrible pictures about harmness of smoking like several cancers , diseases .
Now , I do washing and cleaning ; )
I use this hair shop everytime when I need to have my hair cut .
I can read English to some extent because I have learned English for more than 10 year from junior high school to university , but I have not trained the ability of writing , listening to and speeking English .
I got a flu the day before yesterday .
please teach me English !
A : Uh - huh , what is your dream like ?
The new supervisor of soccer decided yesterday in japan .
The problem was started that I decided to take a walk .
Please teach me English and correct my sentence .
I 'm not good at even though Japanese tongue twisters , either .
They are more strong and sweet than those of Japanese .
It 's one of English test .
Hello , everyone ! My name is Rita , I am a middle school student from Guangdong China .
I 'm studying every day except Sunday to enter the college that I want to go .
But I ca n't figure out a following sentence :
What I want to know is whether shaving pubic hair is taken for granted all over the world or not .
These below are my short diaries from my twitter blog .
When morning broke , the force of the fire has abated .
And He does n't have his own name !
but I was broking , just had 900 bucks on my account despite trying to stay there about 1 year therefore I had to start to work as soon as possible , I coldnt find the job about a week and got a loss !
And , in Japan , there is many Itarian restaurant , so it can be said Italy is familiar for me .
won speech on TV , I cried even I 'm Japanese .
Krabi is wonderful place !
She already fell down from stairs twice .
I will take result of a health checkup later this month .
Last Friday , my friend 's research on aging was broadcasted on TV .
itwas a bit sad .
I want to be a person who can act anything myself .
Rainy season had just come in Kyoto today .
I 'm a student who study Industrial Design .
It teachs me a lot .
After I studied the ESL school in the University of Regina , I stared to have a part time job in English Language School .
Rakuten 's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since Jpanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of population .
You guys are cause of a gap between the rich and the poor .
Hmm , I suffer from this choice . . .
If you are in Japan , I recommend you to meet 14th Dalai Lama .
I had no courages to enter the circles among them .
I am in English , we want to be penpals .
He wrote in his introduction of his profile that
Knead the cabbage with the spices .
I do n't know whether it progresses or not ,
Though I remember words everyday and when I read english artical so hard and meet so many unknow words .
A wanderfull event has been held in Okinawa .
situation that no words come out in my mind and cause an uncomfortable quiet .
I have went there , so I guided her .
I back to the swimming pool again , I do n't want to ask for a coach 's help and also have confidence that I can learn it independently .
ich bin hattory .
It 's fascinated to boys .
l 'm not christian but l 'm always glad to on christmas .
We have a game of Japan vs Netherland now ^ ^
I mean , they do n't have to ; no , no , they should not write a word with their blood .
But I could n't even imagine , that someday sportcars would be manufactured IN RUSSIA !
Finaly , I put the above in soup .
tomorrow do n't come please ! !
Just calling ' Som '
Hiraizumi is a historical and cultural place .
Last month I watched new movie of Detective Conan , Quarter of Silence .
* * * , Unfortunately , I could n't have opened the link of your photo by unknown reason .
I like to watch figure skating of single .
I found it is so interesting and useful
How can I do if somebody make my diary correcting ?
they were talking about the principal wanting to attend ' agriculture highschool conference ' .
Lunch in today
One is reading a lot of novels , articles and manga that are easy , interesting and meaningful to learners .
or an conservative medical treatment with a special cast .
We can decrease the amount of waste food and electricity and so on .
I heard Kuruneko which was one of cartoons in Japan was popular in children .
I ' m in my thirties .
I did n't care things near me .
Their are 10 many people came when we met
From that time , I began to study hard , because I began to believe in myself .
I want to go to study abroad . . .
I 'll take final .
However , I 'm junior high school student ! !
Whatever you did
She is still alive , but has been unconscious after the operation .
We wish those victims can get thouhg this disaster .
She is good at English and she learns Japanese .
They are very useful for me , and I made many friends through learning English .
English is the main language , which is used most all over the world .
Heretofore based on my experience , ' endic .
So I have to study English well to get English skill - up .
I like my name so , I try to live my life like my name 's mean .
But I do n't want to do them !
Today is a special day , I dont know why , but I 'm sure of that .
So I want to go around the world .
Furthermore , most of movies , programs and shows in our country contain too many biases .
I want to eat it but if my dream comes true , I must get fat .
So I was a smart fashionable dresser .
To sum up the story , it is as following
That monie is very interesting .
Frankly , I 've been a night person since I was a small kid because I 've been a sleepyhead .
We have no school invents more .
When you ca n't find an answer in your life , what or how would you do ?
With the thin rubber sole and divided toes , jikatabe is convenient and safe on unstable construction sites .
To make 1 sample , it takes about 1 or 2 hours .
In this diary , I try to explain my soccer experience .
I have a keen interest in taking photograh recentry again .
because I 'm not used to making trip , especially , going to foreign countries .
and parade our poor language ability on World - Wide ?
you have to wait the next train for two hours . . . ``
The main character is a boy who makes sarcestic and cynical remarks about almost every person he sees .
Then , we walked the river side .
Competitive with the
however I had work last Saturday . . . . .
But I 'm not depressed because of that holiday makes me full of energy .
I want to do hard more ! !
Crying without having reason
Vietnam has also winter .
I drew a cute pink cat by the firse time , but I ca n't draw some interesting pictures .
My name is penny , and I live in Taiwan .
It is a word for me .
I take many them like people , friends , landscapes , buildings and so on .
I believe it 's good at them somedays .
I 'm feel reluctant to put away things these days .
One of my old classmates invited me to be her home .
Or may be web - site ?
It is really good to see members and to talk a lot .
And wait their future generations to visit and clean the tomb .
He belongs to Xjapan .
I told her `` Could we sit there ? `` She was surprised a lot .
But , I ca n't decide which I take seminar .
I could not attend graduation ceremony in Australia because I came back to Japan for my sister 's wedding .
I hope my featuer my family eat bbq .
Recently I saw it .
Please correct these sentences . If some sentences are needed , please add new one .
The time difference between the UK and Japan is 9 hours , so I 'm suffering jet rug as usual .
In my case , I 'm always afraid of changing hair salon after I moved to other place .
There are soy sauce soup , miso soup , tonkotsu soup that is soup pork bones , and salt soup .
Now I study in Shanghai Ocean University .
I have to quit it soon .
As a result , if his children live with his ex - wife far from the dead husband and do not contact with him , the people who manege his inheritance are very troubled to do with it
yesterday I got chance to work for a venture company as an intern student .
Furthermore , I have a career with photographer .
Now , I am really enjoying to watch sports games and a sports center channel .
There are some countries that use the system , but Japan does n't .
you are only one person to reply the answer .
There will snow in the winter .
I 'm a 25 girl from Italy and I want to improve my english because next month I will go to australia to study and to look for a job .
Now he lives in Kochi prefecture as a diving instractor .
if so , what is the meaning for change ? continure to change to a third one ?
I hope I spent valuable time in this place .
Some of them speak English , and most of them speak African .
Today , I have much free time and I watched two stories .
we 'll going to practice before 2 hour .
Now , as being an adult , we have more responsibility .
Already uncomfortable with muggy weeather , their loud sounds makes me feel much more uncomfortable !
my master degree of taching chinese as an second languae .
The resultion is known by God only one .
In this drama , I often heared `` I promise `` and `` Trust me `` that the words like this .
I made my skype .
We lay down on the beach for a while .
I have learned the grammar of them long time ago and I think I understand them .
it 's the really relly cool pants .
At that time , I wondered the deference of what and how .
I do n't have to go school today .
But if you close your eyes and bring your finger close to there , you will still feel pungent .
Just kicking out my gloomy feelings and look the blue sky spread out over my head .
well nice to meet you my friends .
The body will health also the intimacy of younger brother gets better
But this test dose n't exam speaking ability .
I had been to Kumamoto for a month .
I will take an examination TOIEC in September so I 'm studying difficult
Yesterday we 've discussion concerning foreign illegal works .
My family used to displayed simply two Hina dolles which are the Odairi - sama and the Ohinasama for my daughter .
On the other hand , I could be of help on Japanese .
Or , I wonder if I will record it by myself .
I asked him the secret of losing weight , and he said he has exercised with `` Billy 's boot camp `` DVD program everyday ! !
I like Hong Kong because person is very fervent .
I wanna watch a baseball game , but there is n't a game tmorrow .
So it does n't mean just snow in spring .
artical .
I tend to think negatively if I fail but I want to think postively everytime .
It was as soon as broken when I start run .
I just arrangement around my desk so calmy and look around in the class .
I should do not only writing English but also speaking English !
Finally , It worked !
So , I 'm afraid an invitation of telephone conference .
For example when a child spoke something sordidly , people often shouted at them or even beat them in China .
Everyone appreciate the seasons .
In Setsubun we throw roasted soy beans saying `` Oni wa soto `` which means `` Devils !
Mr Spry sold sweet and cigarettes , at his shop .
At first , I 'll go to a BBQ party on next Saturday !
Ha ~ ha , in China , you can find various rip - off cell phone .
I bought new mobile today .
It was so exiting ! ! : - )
When I put on UV protection lotion in the morning , I leave it on the face for a couple of minutes before I start a make - up .
Frankly , at that time , I taught I can kill someone in some situation .
We can easily examine a causative agent if we do a blood test .
At former party , my friend who met in NY will go to Hawaii to study at University .
We ate japanese food and take many picture in the restaurant .
Maybe I got a cold .
The hero Sorole has been strongly attracted by a palace dancer .
However I do n't think it 's enough .
I have the third music classes out of the fourth period today .
But teaching is a practical , not theoretical skill .
I heard him cry louder in the bath , and at the same time I overheard my daughter singing her original , meaningless songs in the living room .
But contrary to this video , most of public spaces in Japan , scuh as stations , you can get needed information in English .
She is my best friend that we kicked it everyday ! ! ! !
It was difficulty subject .
Therefore , I believe that we need artificial sweetners as a substitute of sugar .
I have to finish by end of this year .
Yesterday , Dobai world cup ( horse racing ) was held in Dobai .
I hate math , so I allways get bad score .
When my partner told me we are going to talk `` Difference between men and women `` tomorrow , I ca n't help but laugh .
I might need to consider to use some product to reduce her stress , so that she wo n't hurt him !
Of course , I wanna help writing Japanese which I am confident about .
But as I told in my last diary , we had a very heavy rain until yesterday in Japan .
I 'm planing next traveling to Europe .
At the beginning , they brought all of the dishes we ordered soon , but as it was getting crowded , we had to wait for awhile .
We must send our worksheets whith exercises to the manager of this course .
But I 'm studying English .
Most Japanese know popular ( good old ) mangas , like `` Doraemon . ``
It should be someone who are chosen from them .
Thank you all for read my writing ! ! !
You 'll get a lot good advice so you can improve your skill more .
I may catch a cold . . .
A drummer is my son .
He always say to me that `` you come to china . ``
because I can communicate with people all over the world and I can make friends through learning English .
I seemed to be a good game .
So we went out the room in hurry for going home .
Every day off , he went to hospitals which are big one and small one and talking with doctor .
I hope those victims suffering from HIV can be strong to face the truth .
Many people buy Takarkuji lottery tickets , hoping a big money .
so I went my doctor .
My english is still poor , but I 'd love to improve .
( I 'd like to say I live alone so that I 'm the one who makes dinner for myself )
After class I came back to my dormitory with friends to cook together .
Moving sometimes works minus .
Thanks for knowing this site
That may not be the case .
The following URL is of the sound file made by me and my Japanese friend .
Everyday I take a bus same time
For example , in en elementary school , you can learn the way of comunication no to mention studying , and you can learn the way of cooperate with your friends in a junior high school and high school .
Latest goal is to decrease 1 kilogram weight in less than 10days .
I want to do a lot of study of the qualification .
I replied to her `` This is ~ `` `` this is ~ `` `` this is ~ `` .
It 's just like water flow .
test is so - so .
So I pick a little book that I knew I would read fast that I have n't read yet called * Death in Venice * by Thomas Mann . . . . . .
I really happy to saw them on MSN because I can use english with them .
I cleaned up my room yesterday night .
A lot of things have to do and at the same time our english teacher want to open a debate competition about whether is good or bad for sulitude .
Watching these video seems just a waste of time , haha . .
The place where I live has no job anymore , only big city has .
Today is April , 26th which leads to my more attention , because the Interpreting Oral Test is aroud the corner and I 'm serious about it .
I 'm freedom ! !
Saving on electricity
That is to say , it would be enough safe to live .
I guess I should increase the situation that using English .
It is scheduled some of us quit .
I usually work at central Tokyo .
Everybody is drinking and everybody is going highper !
I knew her at the international church .
Parents say to their children ' Let you throw one thousand needles ' if they do bad things in Japan .
Well I will write about me ,
I went to the party from 1AM to5AM but I had work McDonald 's at
It 's very romantic so many lovers went out for a data .
cuz I still have a metting for this subject tomorrow . .
Sometimes I have been work overnight .
The fire works was held at 7 : 30 p . m .
I will try to enjoy and write it everyday .
Many posters and public announcements help people keep remaining good manners .
I have thought I would like to improve my painting skills while taking various classes from many porcelain artists all over the world in English .
It 's getting warmer and warmer .
One day a rabbit and a turtle were talking with .
Now , I can feel comfortable because the the capacity is 2GB and the design of MacBook is cute .
But I got tired in one hour .
there was an aftershock and the builging shook like a pudding .
At first , monks stood up and hold demonstrations to help people .
I 'm working at Roppongi , Tokyo as a legal secretary .
At any rate he finished important mission .
Can you hear me ? ?
but I have caught a cold yesterday .
The work well usual , but their effect may not be strong enough to fight against much pollen this year .
I from Russia .
House prices and house rent are ridiculously high .
I hope that everyone have a good week ! !
I know my ebglish is suck .
I thought I need more practice ! !
Now , I have three extra Windows 7 and no one wants to buy them from me because they know they can get a student discount .
always I could see a lot of snow , ice , and no people on the street !
Of course , There are few places to spend their pay , but do n't you think the pay for their valuable 2 years is too small ? !
In the evening , we went to rent some DVDs in a video
I let her watch a movie of `` Anpanman `` , a famous Japanese hero anime , and all of a sudden , she regained some energy like the hero Anpanman , who regularly shouts `` I am encouraged 100 times ! `` .
When I was in Vancouver , there were firework competition .
I never paid any attention to English grammer , but well , it does n't matter .
could you please help me to find any english book about 50 pages
What kind of present would you like to get if you became 18 years old ?
Recently , I have a trouble about English listening .
Shan is my call - phone English Teacher . .
I see news in English every day .
I did n't know `` Che Guevarra `` till today because I do n't know Cuban Revolution very well .
My cell - phone for using company was broken .
So I need help to improve my english level I hope you can give me a hand .
The repertory is very small .
The problem is : This trainning school would give me a `` transportation card `` which you can use to take buses or the undergound in return for my recommendation .
However , it was a rainy day last week .
I 'm a sociak smoker .
I from korea
I thought about it is no way , because he is 17 years old .
because , if I will tell my friend , you do n't come to solution .
everyday I just stay at school , study and study , it 's really very boring , and the badest thing is noone can understand me , my friend just think I need study , so do my parents , however , I do n't want to study anymore , I am grow up , I can make the choices which way I should go , I know what I should do .
Being an office worker let me know the importance of languages because we always need to communicate with US customer .
That of 2 cups !
My father just came back home .
I will write on , often , as possible .
He was not starting member .
But actually the wether is like that .
BUT I tend to skip this topics .
The hot day is OK .
I have a lot of nice knowing in Japan .
There is not so much a difference between communications by using it and face - to face one .
he seems enjoying the class now .
they will be necessary someday .
I think having friends absolutely become strengths in foreign country for each other .
It is surely tough .
Before recieve contact lenses , I will practice to put in them .
I could enjoy HongKong dream for a while .
Thirdly , it 's necessary for Japan to play a important role for the environmental problems .
Although I spent my birthday in forigne country , My Korean friends congretulated on me on the Internet .
After ordering at a website of a printing company , I fell asleep although I had to leave my home at least 9 : 00 a . m . for the bus .
Today I saw a movie < Before Sunrise > .
It 's a project called Community Project .
When comes to teamwork , the team must be aggressive , have great confidence , and also to know their opponent well .
I returned books and went back home at once because I 'm not interesting alcohols .
But I could not find the book .
I attended the class of English fairy tale .
This is October now but the weather In Hong Kong can still be regarded as SUMMER !
We were told to save electricity in the summer time because of the lack of electricity due to the stopping operation of nuclear power plants by the huge earthquake .
This is the happy ending between Rachel and Ross .
I took an hour by plane to Buffalo airport .
By the way , I 'm going to a karaoke from now which I talked about yesterday .
Another aspect of importance is the fact that many motorists have ignored the duty to oblige to the traffic laws .
Recently , it is warm , and I 'm happy .
He was the mentor .
As unluckily I forgot my schedule - book at home , I could n't make sure if that I misdated or not .
Yesterday , I went to my adult college pay for fee and take the new books .
It seems that the time does n't go .
I 'll write the following stroy next day .
Today , I would like to introduce a japanese comic .
finally I 've finished miy exams ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We tell other member about the main schedule of our selves .
decided is themselfs .
hi everyone !
I prayed for my happiness of new year .
iPhone is good or bad ?
Nice to know you .
In Japan we eat and drink looking at cherry blossom .
There is English official certification in Japan .
I think english is very hard .
Last week , I went to Australia for friends wedding .
My Freinds ( One is Korean , Another is Chinese ) are well informed about Japanese TV Drama than me ( I 'm Japanese ! ) .
I reregister my english class yesterday so I must hit the sack earlier than before but I ca n't .
m ) , my son and I took bath right away .
I 'm a member of a English speaking club .
Perhaps , I 'll start to expend the range of my interests from tomorrow . . . .
So , I hurried to went to TD Canada ( Canadian Banking ) .
The game was seen on TV in Australia , continued he .
I think All of Japanese know it .
To make friends or to get job ?
When I worked for previous company , I developed softwares with a Chinese company team .
Though I have never spoken in English , I will want to speak with other country where the people are spoken in English .
Yesterday I bought a GRAN TURISMO 5 , which is a racing game of SONY Playstation 3 .
who wii you do it except you ?
If you can , I 'm really glad that you could check my dialy .
I was so glad when she told me about that .
I get feeling like going out without umbrella and getting totally wet .
It is very worm and cherry is very beautiufl .
Please ask me , if you want to know about me .
I was late for the first period that already had passed 20 minutes .
I 'm from china , so I think I can help the person
He kindly taught me some streching excise and machine execise and I did them for a short time .
The operation took about five hours , but I felt shorter .
And then , we went toward the vendor which sold `` tteokbokki `` because he said he was dying of hunger .
It rained heavily today , the whole day .
I 've had fuzzy head , slight fever , and it seems I have been catching a cold .
I hope I can improve my language skill and make a lot of friends from all over the world !
Because some foreign people tend to think with despiser that Japanese people just love drinking and we do many occasions , I think .
There you go guys !
it was very interesting for me .
He said also , he is going to send me German sweets `` HAROBO `` .
Have guys ever seen the movie `` The Devil Wears Prada ``
I watched `` Code Geass `` that is Japanese anime a week ago .
Japan doesnt have big falls .
Also some people do Internet for all day long .
This weekend , we went to a parks that there are some cows , goats , horses , and sheep .
I regard it as a drama , .
Both teams are consisted with 4 grade boys .
the more the better ! !
Betty looked like Daniel 's mother in season 1 , but he was care for her in season3 .
I 'm going to congratulate my friends from now , too .
( However there are many violence contents in this anime , so if you feel not good for violence , please do n't watch it . )
Last week , I had been working around the clock .
Simply because that 's my number in my soccer team .
I 've lost my contact lens the other day .
As a result , I said to her ' I ca n't trust your advice .
Yesterday , it did n't reach .
The score of math is half of the score which I got last test .
while l was coming home , I pray for water in my home
if you were , I want to listen your happning . .
I was so tired yesterday .
This term was so long , and so tired for me .
My mom bought him delivered sushi .
There are smell like urine fulled in the train .
I take a periodic English new paper .
I was surprised becouse I could n't catch what the speaker said .
I did n't understand the goodness of my place
I want to join the event like that again .
I laid a book face down ,
So , I write about it in my diary .
Our country scored a seven minute
Sometimes , I ask the above question of myself . . .
I was just amazing !
It is very expencive but it was not satisfied me , because it is a little bigger than I thought .
When I wrote it , I would like to speak highly of him .
Her favorite words are such as mama , papa , food , eye , nose , hair , dog , cat , elefant , rabit , panda , bus , and ears .
It was more fun to see other 's climbing for me : )
I also think when foreigners watched Japanese movies with English dabbing , how they listen to our different dialects .
And I impressed with their `` haiku `` written by them .
We put iternal organs of cows and some vegetables ( cabbage , chinese chive , bean sprout and etc . ) in the pot and stewed them .
Starbucks is offering a new Tumbler every seasons .
Korea is small country .
But when I looked at myself in a mirror , I could see my back waist having love handles ,
I stayed in a Capsul hotel at Shibuya in yesterday .
They say it 's taste is bitter .
hello there . . .
Today I had a offday .
I begin Lang - 8 today .
`` as if she was a little kid , she tried to escape our dog .
But before I know , the temperature setting is backed before .
When the bus , I was in , stopped because of the car in front of us , the other bus running after us was run into us .
I want to practice more but I do n't want to receive complains from my neighbors because of playing too late .
Hey , guys , is it true that the word of `` one - piece `` mean also a condom ?
Unfortunately , there are two abstract problems in that suggestion .
and it looks like rain .
it 's Okay .
Honestly , I do n't know when I use English at work because of the work style .
I have lived in Australia since April .
Keep on making mistakes .
I might be gain my weight .
To conclude , because of convenient memory after communication and easily thinking twice before responding by using E - mail , we could make use of E - mail to accomplish a bunch of crucial things .
I can not .
I hope I get great job after my graduation and her too .
In Japan , there 're many different kinds of miso .
Im surprised for being imprisoned is so common .
After all , they come and drink together .
In the old days , I had worked on a broadcasting station .
Are you traveling in a hurry or not ? ``
I took a TOEIC at Tokyo Big Site .
Of course , I can not improve the speaking skill with radio .
I burned the trash in my flower garden below my house a little while ago this evening .
I 'm in troubled with my neighbor .
I want more times .
One day , I hope my name would be on movie credit .
Her back pain for a few week was derived from the abscess !
I am so surpried when I read those statistics stated above .
It was 1 day internship .
So , what have you so far ?
We got on train at Wadamachi station of Sotetsu line and got off at Nishiy station .
for example , way to earning many and how to use is so similar to existing service .
Today when I was taking an exam , the bell suddenly rang and it was the fire drill .
I want to scratch there but I know I should n't .
They both said same things .
The thing that I have to do now , is to make effort to improve my English skills ! !
but I do the best !
After day , we go to lake and ride on boat ^ ^
I did my best to finish it , But I met an terrible that I did not how to translate some words in professional matter , So that , I could also not sure my report was correct .
Today is n't my day because I would like to buy some delicious egg tarts after finishing my mission but all egg tart had been sold over . . .
following phrases are same ?
The famous German Psychic - prediction Octopus `` paul `` choose Spain .
What did you do these days ?
Also I Iearn Italian .
Whenever I ride on Shinkansen , I always fall asleep .
This is small restaurant by my office .
I won semi final English speech contest .
but my heart throbbed .
* * * * I 'm sorry to write dirty diary .
So , It was an exciting and interesting movie but I was so scared
There is no ' meltdown ' in nuclear power station in Japan .
I do n't want my fish to die , though I have been keeping it for more than 10 years .
Tomorrow I have to go to university and barbar shop , study English , and prepare
Today , I write a diary about my hometown .
and nothing cloud in the sky ! !
After I finished final exam , I want to study English .
untill today I have a lot of heavy tests , so just I did was study , study and study ( I saved even sleeping , these days I went to the bed at 5 : 00a . m . and I went to univ .
I wish everyday happily to she !
I 'll be glad to help everybody with russian = )
This is my first Lang - 8 diary .
I ` d like to fill my profile in 4 languages .
I 'll write my hobbies next time .
The weather has been so frosted so far .
I 'm righting a story at school with my friend Yuri !
After that , I smiled to him with a heart .
I did n't eat last one piace of lunch .
So I hope a day , we could meet in the heavn .
Whenever I change the battery , the time in my cell phone will reset to 00 : 00 .
My teacher is British English speaker .
I watched grasses which is call `` Iwadaresou `` .
So we began to talking in English .
While watching posted videos on Youtube , I am discouged
but recently , I do n't go it .
Besides , as a student study in science , I am still surprise to notice all my teachers are men , and my English teacher comes from Australia , I have n't been taught by a foreigner .
I know the major earthquake in Japan the other day was very big shocking to not only the people in Japan , but also in other countries , and even now , many people being worried about Japan .
I 'm writing this in the midnight .
I think it 's a huge progress that I finally sent the second e - mail to Bhutan tour agency .
they said your visa no problem !
Other shows that I love are `` The Closer , `` `` Sex and the City , `` and `` American Idol `` - - which is not a drama , but there are more drama queens in this show than any TV dramas , especially in this Season 8 .
I want to get friends who like Cerezo Osaka supoter and soccer and like movie .
My lunch time is about to end .
I want to practice all hard and to become good .
all my feeling
In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
For instance , please think about philosophy .
Thanks for leading and have a good day ^ ^
So , I did n't have so much experience of BBQ before .
It snowed from yesterday 's night , and we have 2cm snow in today 's morning .
I donated for Tohoku disaster area already but I 'm also going to go watching the match if I can get the tickets .
because of examinations failure , I had a task until next week .
I hope I could find something which can spur me to study hard like before .
I 'm lazy person so I always give up keeping a diary soon .
' What time is this shop going to be closed today ? '
Second , the knowledges .
life has no end of trobles .
To Spoke girls talk spend more happy time .
because I ` ve already paid money that I have to study here .
Few second later , I thought something wrong with my bicycle . . .
ice cream , eating in cold weather , taste really good .
In other words , in UK student protests seem have a more direct impact on government 's power , influencing parties ' choices .
I have taken lessons of dance for ten years . ( Jazz , ballet and Tapdance )
One day Lion went to a hunting together with Fox , Jakal and Wolf .
My thumb finger has been injured in batting .
I really like Santiago a lots !
It 's very simple theory .
In this course I listen and repeat every phrase , only than I read and write .
We decorate paper called ' tanzaku ' on bamboo grass leaves .
recently l have been englisch studied again .
So I 'm very tired .
He believe May 212011 is the doomsday , will happen lots of earthquake .
I am thinking about traveling somewhere everyday .
it is due date today .
Japanese people often form the bright red wieners like octopus .
I felt the time had stopped .
I think Japanese Football team has good mentality to win , and Confidence and good technic they have be the key .
It took 25 to 26 hours from my house to the hotel where I stay .
Now I have worked in the bakery and learm how to bake a bread .
I think it is not only for children and it entertained all ages people .
Very sad I can not write phonetic symbols ! !
Which gender of the ghost do you feel more scared when thinking of a ghost in your country ? ?
A Korean TV - drama IRIS episode2 will be broadcast tonight .
He must be a cat 's boss around there !
My grandpa catch the fish on Thursday .
`` Because noodles is all students is like . ``
She made a 24 friends and she keep contacting with them from now .
When I visited the school , I thought that the school suited to me , because the school have systematic educational program and good track record as teacher .
I am practicing writing compositions to improve my writing ability for the GEPT examination . - - - - - - - - -
I hope this site is useful for my study .
So I feel my room is always a little bit dry because of it .
The population is on the decrease , more specifically , young people are leacing , old people are on the increase .
Today is fine day and warm .
I tried to call my mother in Tokyo , but somehow the telephone was n't connected .
The birthday have to be special one .
I have started to write english diary to improve my english proficiency in this year .
I could n't ride a bike because there were n't enough time , but I will go on a tour in the city with bike someday !
melbourne is very colder than japan .
when you see it you will understand why do n't let 13 year old drive HAHAHA .
I 'm at a loss for word to describe it now .
They were some uncured hams and a cgeese .
Anyway , that will be no problem , I think .
at the moment I did n't recognaize my misunderstanding .
Today is my first day of becoming a member of this community .
however , my English is poor .
I expect no one and nothing would be harm .
Truthfully , It was so but I had a fun .
I act on impulse today .
My eyes and my leg and my neck and my nose
Meanwhile , It is also not an easy job for several guys who used to live with their families and left the comfort home to stay together for four years .
I 'll Write about ' Today to do ! '
I 'm very sad , but to tell the truth , I have too many summer homework , so I can do it that period .
If I could have eaten them a lot , I would have been happy . . .
Ireland
I do n't know he recognized that or not .
valentine 's day and New Year day .
Mine are to improve my English and painting skill .
and then , I stopped to study English while I was in high school .
B : Greg it happen again , do you help get this off ?
Did you hear the Toeic ?
Also there are 4 american people next to our hotel room .
It 's because the class which I chose at first is full .
But I will let them stay , and clean my bed at every weekend .
Changing my life style is difficult : (
Whatever , it have to have two owners , so I have anxious about what it will be confused about which house it have to come back ; <
show week to week , but not for `` Southland `` .
Today is very busy to me because there are lots of things I had to do .
After that , I 'll prepare to go to a college .
People write their wish on the strip of paper and hang it on a bamboo .
At this moment I 've been learning English for 3 years , but still face many confusing moments such as punctuation , articles and many other little tricky things that do n't let me sleep by nights ) ) ) And their number only increases as I 'm moving forward in my study .
Because we were there from openning to ending my legs hurted .
I like walking but today is snow ! ! !
When I get home , She does n't notice .
The attitude of sales clerks there to me was awful and I had to go to a special flag shop .
I feel really like this book becasue insite the girl she really craver .
and no body is moving .
Of course , it is not be able to do when I work long late night .
I could n't solve many problem .
I thought over her words and I believed I can also do it and so I did !
Hi , I just started Lnang - 8 .
Especially Tv suplys news with lively illustration and images .
That ' all !
It was total 71 score ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We have had been having fun shopping today .
After that , I moved to current department for the purpose of accepting of marketing views to hardware product development .
Why study English is painful ?
What you can see in this anime is ugly robots and spoken phrase , but it becomes cool by putting them together .
I lost ceiberphone .
But woman disagrees with the statement .
It is very chaotic and I have to arrange that .
Despite of the test , I need to use English in my daily work too .
One and a half mounth .
after I finished work , I met my girlfriend waiting for me in front of the shop
I think I have to change the alam voice to be a noying thing that it can make me get up early .
No electricity , no water , no warm .
But there is a dog who always bite my power line or dirty my sensor by its wet nose when I work .
When people talk to you , you 'd better realize that you 've gotten a chance to get to better know them because they do n't talk to you if they do n't like you .
Nearly all peolple , no matter yong or old , men or women , are keen on it .
Could you tell me how different these two expression :
Before the presentation , in order to break the ice , the manager told the client that the workers were checking the presentation to make it best even on the way to Tokyo by bullet train called Shinkansen ( It takes two and half hours between the two cities by Shinkansen ) .
Next I have to find check - in counter .
I found a tree of `` ume `` on my campus today .
is dead almost .
He and I ate broiled small intestine of cattle .
I hope to find friends from other country , that will help me with my english and correct grammar .
Not want to go to school
And so if you study some areas , you should study English .
But the concept of life is not on their way of living ?
today I expected to happen something sepaicail .
Those things must affect Japanese economy for the worse .
but they are helping me with my english learning with a will .
By the way , `` SHOUGI `` is called Japanese chess in English .
this time , we are getting ready for a performance for Chap Goh may which is the last day of Chinese New year celebration .
I am a fresh person in here .
I read a book a couple of days ago , and the book was talking about attitude of face things .
so I jumped onto the train the door of which was likely close .
My character is a girl and named Subaru ^ - ^
My family bought an apple product in the first time .
Well , actually mine have no fun at all this summer .
Vera help me to dial with telephone , so we can go on .
The sea is very beautiful for me .
Then I must say , I like this film very much .
and that was Lady Gaga .
playwriting ) I think I can be very useful if ever required by you no matter which spanish you are learning .
Could you correct my line ?
I AM KING ! ! !
I 'm 16 old girl who come from Hong Kong , anyone know this city ?
Senbon is the same as one thousand in Japanese .
I had a part time job today .
There are a lot of taste .
You also can watch and listen traditional music and dances .
I think you have a problem with an intonation .
I doing works about repair the building in Sendai
Me `` How come ?
The wife was woken up by my stertor .
So , starting to give my artwork to my friends is my first step to sell my artwork .
The reason that I started learning English is , when I was 11 years old , my older brother bought The Beatles 's album and we listened it over and over together .
It is a rare and happy occurrence that I can stay here , do nothing , and be relaxed .
nice to meet you !
Tomorrow is my first match and it would be difficult one .
I want to know when and where can we use would ? Of course a part from conditional second .
so I very happy and expectance .
He just said `` It was terrible , I never go again . . `` covering his hips .
The stress of the word is always on the last syllable , and it has and accent if the word ends with either an s , an n or a vowel .
Starting today , I will wrrite a diary every day again .
So today , I tried to ask that `` Can I help you about something ? `` .
The way of teaching was common that learn grammar and words and then
so I went to comics ship .
It seems like I wasted time a lot . . .
To become friend with you is fate .
They staying with friends intil they find somewhere .
I thought it would n't be clouded weekday but it was clouded actually .
of course I holp I can help the friends I meet here , too > <
I look forward that he 'll play big japanese drum this year for the first time .
So I believe I can be a good doctor in the furture .
His condition is abviously bad .
I thought that I would buy new mouse , but I researched how to repair it first of all .
If I spent time for 30 mins , my entry is always getting long .
He is good soocer player .
You should try !
How / What do you think about it ?
I am very exciting to go to Vietnam .
after lunch , we went to supermarket and bought food for dinner .
That 's why they had n't feet or hoofs - only by one circle bone on each leg .
Farst , I must finish my report .
Last weekend 's Saturday
Now she is perfectly inserted to her new friend 's environment .
I have to set this schedule of May .
or move my computer to internet shop I think my sister will follow me fix it .
however , the werewolf also handsome , and stronger , but he just later than vampire . . .
Cheese cake is my favorite making !
I started to watch english and american films in original sound , without translate .
Last week , he came to my hands .
Welcome again to our TV shopping program `` Five Star Correction `` .
I think that two points that need to be considered for an early recovery from the jet rag are a sleep and a meal .
My job is always no busy .
Finished final exam !
I have been this for 1 year and just doing the same things . . . .
It is too early to implement to real world not lavoratry .
She was smilling .
but I ca n't stop .
He seemes in the latter half of the thirties .
The whole sentence of his speech at inauguration appeared in the newspaper .
the boss is top of organization .
Good thing was that we could go to Angkor Wat , Bayon and some places inside Angkor Thom on the 26th Sep .
It seemed that one reason of the secession was KARA wore a T - shirt printed `` Best Fackin Five `` .
And I 'm glad if you correct following .
Which is the correct sentence ?
So from now on , I make it a habit to write diary in english three times a week and will try to help other people struggling to learn Korean .
It 's could bring the cloud from the west of Taiwan ! ! !
I really have no idea about the meaning of this name , even who named it .
So I was reliefed .
It looks similar as Facebook or other social networking systems though , this one specifically targets music fans ; this might be new and different from another service .
I 'll do my best to get good score .
as that reason , the village people are also living pretty and quiet place surrounded all kinds of flowers .
The reason why l support the Steelers is that my friend is from there .
in Canada
Sorry contents of my writings get to be somehow incoherent .
Actually , this month seems to me hotter day than ever before .
By the way , I was watching that , but I can not say such word to them , as usual .
I noticed that although we used that same electronic device , lived in the same house , but when to have a dinner , how to react all challenge of life is totally different !
But bikes which we were expected to buy were a little bit expensive for us .
`` jubeat `` is music game , only touch the flash panel to the music .
At DIESEL cafe ( I forgot its right name ) , I ate delicious humburger with my boy friend ( not boyfriend , but also boy friend , , , , do you understand ? ) ^ ^
I could not even soppose that the end would be so unexpected !
today I saw first time !
English is very difficult but looks like a RPG game for me .
On the other hand , My little daughter finished writing a book report .
Need lots of practice ahead .
is there a mistakes ?
I 'm tired and my legs do n't work anymore .
Which advantages are here ?
And the horrible earthquake has made many Hitians lose their families .
The English class in this week discussed the topic on the stressful life .
But that 's not the worst .
I expect the score is 2 - 0 , Tulio and Matsui will score the goals .
He sat on the same place jsut as where I saw him at the first time .
Betta has a kind of organ of respiration in its head , so it is very easy to keep in captivity .
There are usually some electric air pumps there , but there are only manual air pumps this time , so that I had to pump air into many tubes ( including two giant tubes ) for them by myself .
Finally , we could build them ! !
I 'll introduce him around Tokyo , but I do n't know what kind of things or places foreigners interested in .
The members who took this class were too many .
If there is a smart - phone version Lang - 8 , it is very useful .
When I am free I usually read book .
I counter punched him in the face , not verbally .
While I were watching film , I talking with my family members .
That was the reason I visited there as a unscheduled member .
We ate delicious SASHIMI , or raw fishes and a rare SAKE , or alcohol .
But now , when I enter the high school , a lot of pressure round me .
I have to save money for go to L .
Maybe next time , when I have enough time and my mind change to be europe minded , I will study this language .
First of , I went to headquater where I got heartwarming welcome from all staffs including director of section .
It is impossible to access internet to be able till then .
I 'm really worry about my husband .
I do n't understand to use `` the `` and `` a `` .
Since our school moved to the other place , I found everything have been changed .
It 's time to cut out to my country .
I went department store 3days ago .
There are some really funny profs here , that sincerely think we want to see human 's imbrions ( are you want ?
The other day , I decided to study abroad in summer vacation .
In Japan , Teresa Teng is known as an enka singer , but she is recognized as great popular singer in Chinese society of around the world .
On these weekend I came out with my friends .
I got some chocolate and maffin because of White day .
My hobbies are dancing , reading a books , and listening to music .
If so , which movies by him do you like ? ? Please tell me ^ ^
Therefore , we feel hard in English writing .
I enjoyed because I ca n't go into that alone alone : ) At around 9 pm we said goodbye .
What do I look forward to from now on ?
So when I talk in English , I might say in Korean way .
We want to send `` electric power `` and `` our encouragement `` to disaster area !
When I was living with my parents , I had quite a lot troubles with my parents , especially with my mom .
In Makao we ate the same egg tarte and saw the same street scenary that I saw in drama .
I was so happy as soon as I bought it in half .
go to camp with the handicapped person ,
Then I said to a beautician `` Wo n't you cut my front hair ? `` , and he said `` Yes `` .
Why I say it 's a problem is because that people I met When Ive came to Japan often said to me ' Arumoo , your Japanese is so fomal and you use many difficult KANJIes '
The send - off party is held today .
Soon later , I will go there .
This letter showed me the result for the previous TOEIC test I took October 28th .
I sometimes use PC , then I can collect the diary .
When I joined my office , I started to love beers .
Beginning today , note in this daiary .
In the north of Hokkaido , snow is falling , but in the south of Okinawa , typhoon comes .
I will fly to the UK and meet up with a friend who studies art at university in London .
I can find the pronunciations about unknown words .
And I joined a community of oasis , began listening to all the songs of them .
Tomorrow I 'm going to Backstreet Boys ' concert with my girlfriend .
it so tasty .
I have fold uneasy before I come in Canada .
Im new member , and I want to helping me with my writing skils , because I want to take an Ielts exam and I want to get 5 . 5 to enter the college .
todar it is hot
It will be my first time to take the IELTS in 7th , March .
I started to use Lang - 8 from last month .
It 's going to be longerst bridge in Korea .
Let 's watching baseball ! !
I signuped Lang - 8 for studying English .
Yesterday , my son 's crying heard from a toilet .
How about putting the chili tomato and vegetables in a pan and make sauce for spaghetti ?
And , I have never had decaying teeth before .
there are a lot of people in 2nd floor of my office .
I used to work as an Au - pair , which looks after children living with their family .
`` Omiai `` is seeing male and female at first with their parents and a matchmaker to marry .
My classmates and I did field reseach for geology ,
And Our team worked together 2 hours to go .
boy am I tired
I still wanted to try so I asked my friend to copy Window server 2003 and Dreamweaver .
I feel lonly , because I have to work at day after tomorrow and My favorite city is Seattle .
Most of them are 10 ~ 12 years old .
Korea have really fun cheering in streer but today 's match is too late
I am so lucky when I would see snow in my place .
`` Do ants eat dead earthworms , right ? `` She asked me again to reconfirm it .
I got this web in a bog .
Maybe I should practice my drinking capacity more hahaha ( ^ _ _ ^ )
I took a lot of pictears with my friends .
' Hi babe , The mantis can not . . . ' , while explaining to her I looked creek .
It has steps which are mede from glasses as you see .
As an adult , I do n't want to ask money from family , I willing to get money by doing part - time job .
He is big Blizzard game fan when he live in korea .
The difference between an inn and a restaurant is that in the former you can drink wine and eat regional typical food while in the second you can order Italian typical dishes , from the starters to pasta , second course , side dishes , fruits , sweets , you can decide between a menu containing meat or fish .
My midterm exam will be started next week ! !
I have collected print club stickers that my friends gave me .
I 'm now bothering .
unlucky life
My watch which my father gave me when I entered the junior high school , and I cherish it was stolen .
These days I have been exchanging messages with my foreign firend , and it is pleasant as a real talk .
Anyway I hope the mist of depression which covers all of Japan would clear up early .
The other type is `` Kue Sapit Panjang `` . . .
So `` Chahar Shanbeh Soori `` means a celebration that are held on Wednesday .
I have only one of his albums and the title is `` Nighthawks At the Diner `` .
I had n't have chance to talk .
There have been only five areas in Japan where people traditionally had been having close relationship with whales .
in the test , there is writeing section , so I 'd like to learn how to write English in this diary .
It will break the other people 's heart in the end .
That was just as expected of symbol of America .
However , he was very kind person .
In a first book store , I could n't find the book I wanted .
we went out .
This news makes feel so suprised that l ca n't believe it .
I think your English is much better than me , and you have an experience that you worked for Japanese company for several years as salesman .
I had a blast at the karaoke .
I read English books about sixty pages a day .
next month I need through the exam .
And when I worked , I used honorific expression to my subordinates .
I am thinking why it has been able to be winning in Vancouver for a long time .
my name is Taka .
I do not drive at all in office , but in overseas I have to .
It make me feel relax .
I make well fruit juice .
But Today is rain day .
However , the driver was indignant about the result , now he wrote it on a BBS to find more help .
My boss want to continue work with him after this vacation .
She seemed to be glad .
however , from an empirical sight , I really hard - pressed to imagine how the spectrum of technology lead to the wealth gap since it gose without saying that scientific technology renders decrease of disparity between the wealthy and the needy .
I belong to the clinic which is a medical checkup .
I want to study foreign country anime .
The corona shows the resulting range . ``
Bath , meaning of washing body came from a city 's name .
It would be absolutely fabulos ! ! !
Everybody in the office seemed to watch this game secretly ( on the internet or cellphone ) .
My favorite season summer was ended , winter is coming .
Nana kept walking to the palace and Rheiry still enjoyed choosing some dress .
The soldiers , who are supposed to protect thai people , were shooting to their people .
Goog morning .
They very grew !
I was very shocked and of course checked wikipedia and something .
Thank you for read my diary everyone .
I was out of control these day , I mean I felt bored .
The time in the game is the same as the real time , that is , the day time in the real world is also the day time in the game , and the scene in the game changes according to the time , from bright to dark .
seriously . ) I decided because I felt what I explained .
That 's line with my situation .
I intended to be ranked and wrote many entries .
But I got time , and I 'm writing my diary .
I need to improve positive thought .
I 'm unhappy
I was a little angry , so I answered him .
I moved to Europe from Japan just 1 year ago because of my work .
Please understand if I need to much corrections !
It waits for another connecting train .
And I had four wisdom tooths and was told to draw out right away .
and I was setting anythings about my mac .
This hotel is a quite decent hotel , I 'm sure .
We were going fishing for 5 hours in lake Lyndon .
And I wanted to write many proses , poems or other things about art .
I first knew the word `` curse word `` .
I felt that I was traveling sightseeing ^ ^
Members of family will be more busy .
They left about 2 hours ago and right now I 'm planning what do to tonight but I ca n't seem to find anyone who 's willing to party : / ( I 've got holidays )
The owner of house is really nice and kind to me .
H : But it 's glad indeed that you could come around Sir !
One of the reasons , Japan is island .
These days , the weather goes over like that again and again .
Yesterday , a big change has just happened in a Japanese political history .
That 's why I prefer the Internet to TV .
We can communictate enough , not using exact and correct grammar .
I really study English hard , but I have no much chance to use it .
I am very proud of you who are studying Japanese as a second language .
It was great !
It 'll be added to the reference book .
The another called him name but he didnt reply . . .
I have worked a part time job in restaurant since two years ago .
We must not take over such problems to next generation .
Now I am looking for friends those who help my study .
One of them is I visit kindergartens or day nurseries and so on and teach English to kids .
Nice to meet you .
It is native to learn to speak English will be .
But my friends also did n't make good scores .
It has a lot of kinds of menus .
decide when ( what day ) we go to place to interest .
My occupation is race horse rider , every day I train to horses .
We went the shopping .
But , I have a lot of things to have to do .
To me have told that it is all because of people .
Because I must study harder than my classmate .
This is the last diary in Vancouver .
I do n't no why but I ca n't get my power squeezed out .
I will your Japanese too !
The teacher , they say , is totally voluntarily teach them Japanese .
Inspection is not problem for me ,
live for newcomers !
To begin with , I am talking about how to ask girls out .
I stayed up all night to prepare for my presentation ; which is about my master 's thesis .
My cellular phone have a smart feature that it communicate to
For example , The 100 straight day running , the 100km ultramarathon , the 24 hour relay , the transfer at work , the work as a R & D theme leader , and so on .
I 'm not usually interested in any idols very much .
I stopped it , because it was getting hotter and hotter .
I worry about the blood test result this Tursday .
by the way , it is still early in March .
So I have to wear green clothes .
I met it , when I was a high school freshman .
What we did there ?
I want to see snow falling down
And I has wasted three month to find a job . . .
I do n't know them so much .
I am a sales person , so it is okay since I got kinda many contract nowadays . ( I am the secoud peoson who sales stuff a lot . )
I tend to be hesitate to speak English because I think my pronunciation is Japanese accents English and this is not correct English .
I think it is likely to affect in whole of my life .
Therefore we didi n't walk around a city centre which was supposed to be fun too if we could have done !
I ca n't get up early because the wether getting colder and colder .
After this we went to Kurashiki Bikan historical quarter .
Exciting , fantasic , amazing , hopeful .
I write a diary for the first time .
After all I think our helth is irreplaceable especially with the low prices fulfilled by the mass productions .
Especially , fried fish is very delicious .
Some of them are busy and some prefer staying at home at their free time .
teacher at college once told us students about a student who had choked to death on chewing gum .
I think that they are poor and foolish .
I have more time than usually .
Today I waked up 11 o ' clock in the morning .
As they were off duty on weekends , I had to be standing this pain .
Which below sentences is it natural ?
But I do n't know where the Milky Way .
This is because I love my job although it is always tough .
There was a monkey when staying at the guesthouse in Cambodia .
But I got a cool news to me !
I have n't much time for me , and I was n't in the vacation in the last 4 Years .
So , It 's been 15minute since I started writing this diary ! !
And I have a one more question for you .
When I had it , I was so glad with it at first .
I went to watch an engagement ring with him .
Yabu town in Hyogo is one of the famous place to see .
The home is based on the love .
That concert was very good !
I do n't know when I can be back to Japan .
From now , I will go to Sendai city because of deciding my house where I will live in .
I go to my office by my car .
I prefer to swim in a swimming pool because I do n't like a sunburn , butI sometimes want to swim in the ocean .
If you want your child go to `` good `` school , it costs a lot .
Especially , I liked the boy 's first love story , and unsalable writer and helper 's love story .
On 2nd of December . .
One Italian guy said that he does n't like MacDonalds at all , and Italian MacDonalds is different about American MacDonalds .
I want that scholarship so much so I keep practicing English skills everyday .
Therefore , I have to think about two choice or the possibility of other ways for some time .
I come home after learning English class , on the evening .
After staying two days in Osaka , I went to Okayama to attend the meeting of west Japan flight club .
I really love movie .
As I expected I made a couple of mistakes .
But if a risk is ? ? ?
I 'll buy a sofa next weekend , the bottom line is that I like wine
So I want to American Univercity .
Looking for a room is pretty fun to me : D
Then , He was very hungry because he didn ` t eat breakfast and it was high time to eat lunch !
This is because one of the main reason for this writing is just to improve my speaking ability .
I am looking forward to eat ramen tomorrow .
But , by rule of my apartment , our apartment have restricted to take care of .
Another matter I need information on is what type of accommodation is available .
When I arrinved at my house , It was time for dinner .
Many students think math are difficlt then chinese , so they take more time to do math then practice chiese .
I want to say thank you millian times .
Recently in China we have many new born websites which are similar to Groupon .
I can read English stories and airticles , I know many English words , but It is very difficult for me to listen , write and speak English . . .
Of course CPU is AMD single - core , and 1Gig memory .
SPace exploration will help us find new land where exist life like the earth .
I wish a beautiful day .
I will go work in 1 hour .
The music are mellow ones like `` To love you more `` by Celine Dion or `` A Whole New world `` .
For example , most people do n't like going to school .
The teacher was an American guy , who is very interesting and kind for me .
When I was Junior , I found the metal trouble was not a problem to me any more , so I began to be attracted by the out world , the colorful life .
I 'm little worry about her .
then he go home , and abuse his wife .
According to my TOEIC score , my listing skill is good , but reading skill is very bad , so I 'm trying to read books written by English to improve reading skill .
I used to use it while it was charged , but now I have n't used it on that occasion because if I would move it , the electrical contact should come apart .
I start again for English study .
I feel `` for her `` makes more sense .
LONG WAIT
They generally get up 9 or 10AM .
If I walked my bicycle , I could not make it in time .
`` `` `` `` Why does a flight attendant ask japanese passengers `` chicken or beef `` ? `` `` `` ``
We bought many kind of foods for New Year 's Day .
Anyway , today 's topic is death penarty , which is very conroversial around the world .
it was a little scary but very interesting .
When she arrived my home , she began play computer games until she left my house .
I ` m going to go to Australia on semptember
how about watching drama like friends or someting like that ?
I 'm practicing making it one thing and another .
and comic points were also adequate .
Stay in my office tonight .
I had on MSN with my Thai friend at the moment she live in France and we had to talk on the microphone we had talked for a long about our friend . . . .
Are n't you worrying that you did n't do anything until now ?
Here to share my happiness .
I was big surprised at it .
By all means , please eat you .
I thought it 's hotter and wetter than Kyoto , Japan but recognize it 's not than I thought .
and add me : )
I hope you enjoy your next month too ^ ^
I explained our member , and our great member greatly agreed .
Actually , I love sunny day better .
Anyway , she 's really friendly and open mind , so I envy her .
I ` m not married and living alone in a dornitory .
I felt tired so go to bed and slept at 3 : 00
The waves go a lot of shells , and put my clothes wet .
It is very bother for you to correct this application form .
Today I rendered overtime work until 8PM to prepare next week conference .
what does `` TAKE A STAND about the need to tackle climate change . . . `` mean ?
Today it was heavily raining here , and I do n't like the sound of thunder ! !
And I was a good condition today , so I won 4 times at the game .
My church is doing a retreat .
I : Actually , I usually take her to a facility for children near my home , she doesn ` t show some interest in those toys instead playing with other big children .
I did n't know that hot chocolate means cocoa .
My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .
My question is how Chinese people consult a dictionary for lost Chinese characters .
Is it OK such a below one ?
I cant stand cold day .
Because of this , I opposite giving prizes to them .
Instead of them She found her favorite toy .
But why I suddenly felt that I would n't like to do anything !
it is my first day to use this .
together and she has already made a booking of the pension .
We can not enter there still now .
yesterday 's job interview 's test was very difficult .
This week is the Buddist Lent and get one day off on Monday .
I have been studied English for more than 8 years .
I am going to read it in my room with lying .
We 're going to go in last half of program from today .
I am thinking what I should do now from the cataclysmic catastrophe . . .
These days , Japanese hate rainy season was finished .
I have n't written a poem for a long time . ( Since elementary school ? )
I do n't want to go commonly life . . .
This is a trial .
This is a season for college students to find a real job .
Finally , I knew that very heavy rain hit many areas in central Japan .
Let 's try one 's best everyone .
And please advice this idea for me .
I am at hamburger shop now , and still thinking to eat one .
Frank is my English name which was given by my first English teacher in my life .
One of reasons is my dream .
I was veryhappy that I found it on TV so I could watch it at home .
Now I am free from a part - time job .
In your country , what do people do in this case ?
twitter , facebook , Microsoft , google . . .
It 's a wonderful film even if I do n't like this kind of film very much .
It has been my hobby since I entered my university , and I even set up the magic club in it , because there was no magic club in the university .
I did not go my college today and I think that I will not go to it for
First , I went to the Philippines that provides English education with cheep price .
I really do n't know how to call it in English since there 's no such term in rest of the world !
I think where do we live is not only because of our preference but also where did we grow up and where do our relatives live in and where do we work for and also living costs .
I working 15 years ago .
For a while , the pole said the bus would come briefly .
In winter many surfers wear a dry suit that seals you off from the
Yesterday I had a lunch with my parents , 88 years old and 82 .
However , every gils likes fancy smell such as CHANEL NO . 5 .
Every help is welcom !
One day when I said hello to a foreign friend , at that time what I wanted to say was `` Hi , guy ! `` , but what I said out was `` Hi , gay ! `` .
I expected she would wait for me , so I was disappointed at her .
When the white yarn ran out , the scarf that I have knitted was very short as scarf .
I try to watch those in English now .
I go to cram school and buy my friend 's present today .
But nobody was at home then .
I 'm going to run round my home tomorrow , weather permmiting .
My friend recommend this website to me .
As far as I can see , bringing up perfect bilingual is really hard , but if I have a baby , I must teach Japanese for my baby at any costs .
So , I had enjoying it very much after long time .
I began lang - 8 yesterday .
But I wanna also eat delicious food in Kamakura ! !
In the noon , we visited her in the hospital .
What a difficult !
Although , the staff said the score will send within one month , so I think I can receive it soon .
Maybe she can turn on that channel and listen to it with her work
According to them , as long as you use a roaming service , they do n't know how much it cost .
But It 's not important , because you already have your lovely family members and friends , moreover your boy friend .
The part time job is acceptable .
I want learn language by myself .
Matcha is famous Kyoto .
He came to the university for receving that costume from the store .
But most typhoons move along its path to the Pacific Ocean when they move to north .
then , it tured out I really hate that
' jubay , be careful .
I miss Japanese food , but we ca n't eat anything : (
If I have a chance to know about it , I could be able to talk about history with British people .
He must do .
I have a question about the use of an adjective clause , `` Whom `` .
This is my first time to write diary on the web , so Iam really nervious now !
Teacher went with us .
In the previous three games , he did a great jobs , two grand - slams and one walk - off Home Run .
Where I find this website is from a learning - by - self magazine .
These teas are low in calories and has some caffeine .
As before when Shia showed up , there was a loud and yelling for them .
meters every day but what I can do is staying in my Fire Bureau
I wonder they do such terrible things , have they worried their own food ?
I have encounter a strange guy on the street and he was singing .
I really like Japanese Martial Arts , but I did n't able to join the Kendo club , the most favorite martial arts of mine .
There is a package tour where I can get a license of scuba diving .
I guess I progressed , because I was 585 Oct in last year .
We enjoyed campfire , BBQ , and chatting , surrounding the fire until midnight as we were standing for the freezing weather .
( Sorry , I guess most women are not concerned with those things . . . )
For example , to one of the Bauhaus and the Soviet Union commnism and 70 's psychedelic and japanese Tadanori Yokoo , and more . .
mining in Hokkaido .
They are , of course , older and so understand .
I thank to God for giving me such a nice flat partner . .
I think maybe it 's because I do n't have a friend to learn with together , and no one I can share to , no one point out my mistake and so on .
In The Airplane to Phoenix in Arizona
I know that when the person grows he has got some problems .
A few weeks ago , I washed my digital camera with clothes and broke it .
I think this river is useful to make my children playing outdoor .
When I saw it for the first time about ten years ago , I found it very funny , but now he is really everywhere .
I thought it is interesting , so I remember it easily .
Today my vaction is begin .
Remaked sofa .
Daily I spend 30 minutes to an hour dancing different songs .
When other cats was eating feed , he did n't come close and just watching from over there .
I want eat ice cream .
Recently , I began to go to English school , , ,
Next day , they found that only the tofu was lost .
We use English in letter and mail .
Today , I took my wife and her mother by car to a concert of a local chorus group .
Then I post the link on the new one on Lang - 8 without the writing .
Instead , I went to see a Merlion Tower in Sentosa island !
Although My work gradually come to be busy , I really feel that playing the music and studying English help me with keeping vitality .
But I 've not found a basketball team here yet .
Kana had lived San Francisco .
I used to play American Football back in university student .
I still hesitate to study German again though .
I read bible Exodus 9 ~ 10
This visit will be third time . . .
The first writting a my diary
bye .
When I went there , I ca n't sleep at that night . . .
then he went to the pantry in a sneaking way , It was so silent that he could almost hear the flick of the butterfly .
1 week has passed since I started a diary in Enlish .
It was wicked fun .
And when I used the car , I should pay in the right time .
my behavior did n't do that .
People always choose to travel . .
But except Bangkok , the situation is much better , other cities are queit and beautiful .
In order to finish one thesis I have to read tons of materials and sitting in front of the computer for like centuries .
One of the events is that I went to London about four years ago .
They will live together in near the future , it is his mother 's hoping .
( In school I have German too but I hate it : P ) .
The first English book I could finish reading throuth was `` Fried Green Tomatoes `` .
When I spill a drip of Coffee , It goes on my belly .
And they said `` Help us , we make assignment for C # program , but it can not work correctly `` .
Exercise slow - - - I agree the author 's opinion .
I know , I do mistakes when I translate all words .
Maybe it can be assistants who speak Korean , or kind explanation about how to vote or use the polling machine .
Things In Which Japanese Young People Are Less Interested
But why a Christmas tree has such a effect ?
I thought she had a potential as a careworker because she had a good smile and a friendly atmosphere .
bases in Okinawa should not be removed is that they do good to the economy in Okinawa in many ways .
I felt strange in front of the elevator .
I was trying to find out your footprints ,
The information about the impact on radiation and rolling blackouts etc is confusing and there is also a lot of misinformation .
Hello everone
The Tohoku - kanto earthquake is most catastrophic disaster in a Japanese history .
When my tooth began to loose , I became happy because I felt I was a little close to be an adult .
The another thing I want to say that I become to like watching TV .
A lot of sesames is grown in Africa continent .
Recently , I ' ve been annoyed to boys so much ! !
I also would like to talk with technician .
But I am completely wrong .
Is that the summary of article or not ?
Today I received a result of TOEIC test that I taking few days ago .
I think that 's good for her , but my wife will be little busy because she usually take care of her sisters a lot .
She was a staunch catholic from birth , constantly resisting pressure from others to renounce her faith , a request she steadfastly refused .
High school start !
My wife got pink spring coat ! !
I wanted to go the abroad university as exchange student .
As you might know , my native language is spanish and im trying to learn english and japanese ( the japanese is more like a dream of mine . . .
He was a general in the Warring State Period in Japan .
1 : I study English everyday .
today is I first write diary , my English is very bad , but I must learn this language , because English is a subject in my university .
It is the time that I should have my plan after my graduation .
So he was upset and got stucked on the road .
I want to drink on the next time .
For while we stayed in the shop , and we went to a bus stop .
the English teacher was so funny and sometimes said a joking .
I do n't like some psychology books explain every small things but this book does n't .
In that case , I might reconsider my trip because of the frustrating consumption restraint which will discourage shoppers ' passion .
Today I 'm gon na write a little bit about a story in the Washington air port .
I love wrap beef in `` Santyu ( it is a kind of lettuce ) `` .
In thsi afternoon , I 'll leave here ( Osaka ) to Ibakaki for work .
Can you tell me what the different in these words : high - end , top - notch , state - of - the - art and cutting - edge ? ? ? ?
Buying pizza in japan is more expensive than buying it in U .
She could get a lot of vegetables though it was very small field .
I could be reflesh .
Sometimes , my mother takes her to a day - care center half a day .
Even though we have been dating for 4 years , this is actually first traveling .
When I came to America , I brought some so that I can keep growing it in America .
two third continue their work in my company .
( I think there are so many grammar mistakes = = but I ca n't find it , because when wrote something I just followed the sense of language . = = )
I hope to go at concert with my friends ( again ) . . .
If anyone want me to help them study Koren , I promise , I 'll be sincerely helpful to
What sould
It is certainly that Japanese education is focus on reading and grammar .
I want to all of them .
I want to enjoy my existence , and I will remember the feelings today .
in many occasions .
`` If you do this , you will be the hero . ``
I will take music lessons at Konservatorium , at least four years .
Sometime its punch point is too ridiculous to believe that someone at earth will really be that stupid , but that 's why it 's so attractive that somehow I could n't but wacth it everyday .
I hope I can keep do it , that 's important .
It will be much easier to find this restaurant .
I want to became spring as soon as possible !
And I will work global company .
Yes , I 'll write another mental sketch , which is recently invented as my writing practice in short time .
First round , Sk defeated Samsung 9 : 5 in the Munhak Stadium .
But in my cace it 's no sence .
my though about marriage
At night while children are asleep , Santa Clauses come to their house and put present into a sock next to the pillow .
Yesterday my friends and I played baskerball in the park .
After that , we went to shopping .
All I can think of is a coffee .
so excellent .
I write a dairy for the first time .
From children to elder people , humans can not live without having fun , and some people want others to enjoy with something that they made ; games .
Be careful on road .
chance no longer to speak with the mittor .
Usually I drink a Sake or alcohol at the dinner .
I should watch something I have .
I will participate in trick or treat for the first time .
If you worry something and the level is 5 , I worry it more seriously and the level is 25 .
But I finish to write today .
Do you think Economic statement would affect your relationship ?
57 . 4 percent of new recruits want to remain working at the same company until they retire .
According to a recent reseach , we can get more than 80 % information about other 's characteristic based on the figure .
And I 'm sure that my parents will be able to provide tuition fee and prove that they can .
What do you usually do after leaning right expressions ?
It is the first time to come here .
Today is very good wether to picnic .
Any way , the movie starts in the hotel , where we see a group of tourists preparing for the train journey .
It is really horrible disaster .
Friday evening we went in Trastevere and we ate a pizza at Gino 's restaurant .
We murmured lots of oohs and aahs while looking at the fallen trees and chestnut burs , which were still green and unripe on the ground .
I like both this sky and blue sky .
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what hanppened to me
We rode a boat , went out to the sea and dived into the sea .
I went to Australia and stayed for 2 weeks .
But actually , I am almost lose in the information here and there .
I always thinking I wanna move to another country . . .
When we entered the first room , we could see some vintage cars .
We 've graduated from high school ( Feb . 8 was graduation ceremony ) in fact .
Today , my university has a examination for new student .
It 's appeared in `` Evangelion `` , an operaion gathering electricity from whole Japan to shoot long distance shell .
I learn English .
In Kansai manner , highballs are made of chilled whiskey , chilled soda , and lemon peels .
My European friends can speak the language of some all .
He received A in all his classes .
English will be advantage only when they can do anything special .
Even more , it was the first time I found how much I am proud of my country .
Hello , someone 's looking at my diary ?
It 's kind of do n't know what to write next .
Every time I told them about my personal affairs , sorrow and happiness , they always think `` how a poor and weak guy , he take the tiny things so serious . `` Every time I try my best to help some of them , they thought `` It 's good , but he ought to do it and better if he do better next time . ``
I wish he is all fine .
Helping people makes me happy and volunteer is great !
I have got drink recently .
( there was not many students in 4th class ) Few minutes later , teacher came to me , it mean he will goaling . 3 . 2 . 1 . teacher kick the ball !
So , I make my living by the scolorship and savings .
It is aroud 40 minnutes past 0 .
According to the internet news media , the initial sales of the Google phone amounted to twenty thousands in first week .
I 'll practice to sing some foreign song !
Add tofu that is cut like some dices .
Since many kinds of chocolates can be bought around this time , it 's a good season for a sweet tooth like me !
I wonder how long it 'll run on . . .
for me , she has a bad temper
The total is 11 episodes .
All of them lives in Hiroshima Japan .
And I went to school directry .
I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !
it taked 2 hours on the journey .
Yours faithfully ,
That made me very sad .
I do not expect and I do not believe love anymore .
I 'm 21 years old and university student .
Anyway , there still one year left , thanks god it 's not such late until I realize it .
This is my first english diary .
In the mail , `` Sorry , I ca n't go to your wedding party . . .
I fall down on the street .
It 's sound is so clear !
I will share my life and my feel with you if you are be my friend .
After the first 500 you will probably wish to never have to fold a crane again after you 've finished .
I may come again here .
When I was a elementary school student , my classrooms had bookshelves .
Snow is melting fast under shining sun .
One is that I can realize that I help my students improve their character .
I really believe that she is my great advisor and suporter .
I am in charge of 26 cosmtics shops .
I 've read only a first part of the textbook because after noticing that I had to write an essay , I could n't afford to read the remaining part of it .
I do that every week on friday and when I 'm finished , my weekend is started .
Maybe I 'm too tired after so many times of failures , so I have gradually lost my passion upon being a hard - working student , which is very dangerous before I have n't passed the exams ,
He grabbed 2nd chance .
I admire they have the power of creating playing something .
I want to get used to wear a new shoes early .
Sure , one would be happy to get older , wiser , more independent but I ca n't help but looking back and see that there are many things I wanted to do but never dared or had the possibility to .
I was pleased little .
The Japanese national football team is often called `` Samurai Blue `` by the Japanese medias and fans .
Passport Stamp Exempt
I worked hard for 5 hours today , like pulling a large amount of dandelions , washing tiles around their house on the ground and spreading over specific sand between the tiles .
I involved in trouble many times half due to lack of my capability .
Not only shower . . .
I often listen YUI , RADWIMPS , BUMP OF CHICKEN , SukimaSwitch .
life needs strong people who have the ability to live and adapt with all life 's conditions .
The process is quite complicated , but I 'm glad to experience new world !
The summer hot , and winter is very cool .
But everything is incorrect .
I heard that cherry trees in Tokyo are in full bloom right now on the TV news .
There were lots of people of tourist in Kyoto .
But I only spent about 15 minutes doing this , the rest of time is just sitting there and chatting with my friends .
It is a few days past moving to the new office .
My grammar is not good , but please read and feel free to collect mistakes !
I heared a scary story about it .
What is worse , I did n't drink water or take medicine , I still felt sick this morning .
I could think `` Oh , maybe I missed airport which I should get off . `` .
The reason why is the U2 show at the Camp Nou stadium on the 2nd of July .
He did n't provide another new one , nor apologize sincerely from bottom of his heart .
It is natural that Japanese go to shrine when we need peacefull mind .
But recently , I feel japanese is very difficult when I correct someone 's japanese sentence .
I went to talked - about H & M and Forever21 along the street .
Maybe this page are probably consisted of `` table `` on html .
I think there might be some Japanese girls , but the majority of girls in each bar were other nations .
New term is began two weeks .
Regarding to the language learning , it would be great if I can get your help .
Maugham , who is one of my favourite writers now .
Actually I 'm preparing for my sat exam on 7th , May .
I like to listen Western music .
One was that one of my friend married and the other was that my old friend gave a birth .
`` This company have n't ever gave me any important job ! !
To go to there , It takes for 1 hour as One - way .
after China friend ate `` Kimchi `` , he said
As of now , we can do power saving only .
We usually make something sweet for their return .
However , they broke up their band in 2008 .
But problem is from hence .
Today , I accompanied my parents with their walk at night .
Playstation network has been closed because of Cracker 's attack .
she is listening to music of K - POP everyday from morning to evening .
When I was a child , I was collecting the insect which it were the beetle and the stag beetle .
I thought each of them has their own speciality .
I worked long hours because the hotel I work for opened bridal fair .
Our country has a soccer match with Greece
Here was the trap , I 've never seen the Coralla broken down .
She smiled and aske me , `` Why did you choice me ? ``
Hence , my daughter 's door to the show biz was mercilessly and categorically shot down before she knew it , albeit at no expense of any offers at hand in reality .
I want to move to Kyoto because of two reasons .
1 week after big earthquake . . .
Till now , I think that difference betwwen ' see ' and ' look ' is whether it includes actor 's purpose .
If it ca n't be carry , I take a tear - gas spray .
Results of the mock exam was returned .
I was supposed to attend my cousin 's wedding but I escaped from it .
And she has had the community since this April in Yokohama .
I began to think highly of that people who can still learn new knowledges or skills or keep reading after their tiring work .
I want to ask about what are you doing to study second language ? ?
But not everyone knows all languages to watch all films he wants , so ex facte we need the translations .
It 's difficult for me to go out in the night because I 'm kid 's mother and I have to ask someone to take care of them , if I go out .
introduce myself
I think it was because that I listened my recorded voice before going to bed .
Especially the performance of a main actor 's play was wonderful .
In Japan , a salary day is generally 25 .
There are many various performances in school , so that why do n't you try to have cultural experience during the summer vacation .
do what
because my some work released on my blog become little popular .
This diary is seventh one I think .
I guess that 's why he was always went down swinging .
When a strong monster appeared , their machines combined into one in the air , and constituted a huge human - shaped robot , Gettar - Robo , to fight against the monster .
There were a lot of different things from Japan .
My today 's activities
That hurt .
Maybe I drunk 5 to 7 beers .
I jonined Lang - 8
I also spent a whole day go to a park around with my father .
but it was canceled becuase of bad idiot . !
Now in Japan , lots of people talking about give the suffrage of local government to non - Japanese citizen or not .
For , I have the important test my cram school on December .
The taste was like a caramel .
I had to get up at 6 o ' clock every day , preparing breakfast , taking the crowded train for 30 minutes to send my son to school , and waiting for him at a coffee shop talking with another mothers for two and half hours .
and they have to play too many games around a year .
So I cant feel sleep now .
They 've gave me many suggestion .
I have a chinese exam next month , I study hard .
Now it 's time at our school to take final tests in English .
We need be very careful to use it .
I read a book called `` the water fight `` by Oxford Reading Tree .
We requested to them their achievement in Japan .
Joyful saturday nignt ~
However , new things always make us confused and I really realise some facts that seems simple but I have ever thought about .
I warmed my self with blanket .
The interesting name stems from here .
Well , this is the main story of this documentary .
Today , I resume exercise .
china .
But complications appears because thoughts disappear .
The cause of the problem was the fact that we worked until after midnight today even in Christmas Eve .
There is one kitchen , one dining room , one washing room and fitness room .
I got an English recipe book for it .
Every exchange students are going back to their countries !
Generally , people who are junior in respective university have to start job - hunting from fall semester .
But Japan had a few opportunity to attack counter .
I mean , my regular teacher is married with Japanese woman and has many Japanese friends , so I think he is familiar with the way Japanese people talk , but she is n't so .
Unfortunately , my friend is one of what I said .
The pay check day is 2 weeks ahead .
I was n't majored in English at uni so I was lucky to be asked for the job first .
1 ) I have feeded up this job already .
What is the true love ?
Please remember me and collect my English !
Last evening , it had troubled me .
I have been studied English for five years .
At the same time , there was a guy who was on a motobkie and stuck in the crowd like us .
Also younger brother say .
Thanks to you , I liked English more and more .
He said that you chose to play tennis since 4 years old and lived with it everyday , only today was a bad luck day why did you decide this bad day to stop your entire life .
I 'm studying programming and studying English in `` mos burger `` in Tokyo .
It was so windy that my kite flew vely highly .
She is the first person who visits me since I came to Australia .
so I need new hobby .
The day of the exam is February 13 .
So rumor says it could be not her husband 's .
For the moment , the worst case scenario seems to be prevented , but the size of ozone hole has been fluctuating and the recovery would have completed in 2075 , when I may die .
S - pulse has take a lead since opening game with 7 - wins and 3 - draws .
I watched a news about a bush fire on the TV due to dried air .
( in red picture was I in Olympic games , in pink picture was I in Paralympic Games , that clothes was training clothes . ) ^ 0 ^
And she might not be able to master the cell phone .
Fortunately my wife got some free tickets of the exhibitions so I went there with her for seeing them , yesterday .
Points never come back , but I choose going out with my friend .
and immediately I decided that use this service .
The night , I had learned a new word - naked chat .
Today , l met my china friend
So , please teach me ! !
And I like sea very much .
Is it similar to Korean Summer ?
It was used to say the was the day of green till recently .
Yesterday I went to the nearby park with my family .
He said he still had some fever , but coming better .
Even if I do a mistake , please undersand .
I 'm lock of reading books and listening to English .
Fortunately , she found a new place and I helped to moving today .
last night I went to a language exchange .
It 's terrible for we students to memorise most of the chemical formulas in the organic chemistry book .
Sometimes if I find the quotation of another book or of a song : I love searching it and begin the knowledge of another `` world `` .
Eating in a hurry may lead to the stomach disorders .
I did n't get used to it because we do n't have that kind of culture in Japan but now I get used to it .
Japanese pear was 250yen yesterday !
She had mistake ?
However I want to keep me happy , so I will go shopping on the weekend .
Anyway , I have to study hard and gain my experiences .
Honestly speaking it 's ok .
and some of the letter in the end is video confused a bit but for give me and thinking I am studying english there . .
There are a lot of reasons why that happened .
One thing that I am having an interest in is ' an electric book ' , that is , Kindle from Amazon .
Would you felt a strange if I wrote like this .
Completing hard tasks , asked for example from the boss , could make the worker feel better and satisfied , because they proved to themeselves how much they can do .
Second , they have to live alone , or pay everything what their life need .
But , what do you think about the tribe eating people ?
When I count two , my left foot take one step before my left foot .
Recently .
After the school , I went to my friend 's house .
Bluejays coach threw practice baseball then I got it .
Yukai Resorts company limited buy these hotel at a bargein rate .
My room in my country is using by one of my family .
and the order of phrase in english .
When I want to call US embassy , it takes $ 20 . 00 and in sending mail also takes $ 20 . 00 .
I borrow the computer the employee in my office she if as sister . She would like to go home as soon but I said may I write the diary 3 minutes .
The band gets some difficulties constantly , one of the most upsetting ones is the drummer call up for
I believe that I will become stronger and stronger through beating any difficulty .
First , we can improve listening skill easily .
In addition , this is enough that people should learn their native language , and get ability to read and write , but they should also learn another language as their second language to make relationships with other countries .
I 'm happy to have 3 frineds on Skype .
I realized that how difficult for me to make French sounds was .
Hello ! Everyone , this website was told by my foreigh teacher , I had hardly opened my laptop when I come back home , this is beginning , I hope I can make more new friends from whole world .
As time goes by , Maybe they will be a good soccer player with rapid progress .
my name is kawa
This is first diary in lang - 8
Roly Poly is very excited song .
My husband went out to learnig Chinese .
It was very stupid that I thought it looks cool to take a guitar anywhere during my teenager period , so I decided to join guitar club .
I like Adidas 's old line - up .
And it seems honor to me that I reveived a apple from my little sister .
On the weekend I had a high fever , so I could n't clean up my room .
When Korea was annexed by Japan for about forty years in early 1900 's , many poets and writers had written a lot of emancipation literature pieces .
It was very funny time .
Since lights were invented , we never think about our life without light .
This is my first time to buy things in SEE by CLOE , but I got four items finally ! !
well , we are planning to go to abroad together .
My apartment is not so big , so maximam 4 people was OK .
Right knee was big black and blue and Left one was wide scrape .
I went out for buy some snacks in the midnight .
It has been about a week after the big earthquake occured in my country .
That building was so fan .
However , I 'm going to a hot spring in Ikaho with my boyfriend as a one day trip on the third of next year !
do you think I lied ?
It was so tired in the plane but I feel so alone here T .
But true to say I find it much harder than German , English or Latin .
So we can not eat birthday cake right now .
Yesterday , there was a public voting for deciding who is eligible to eat a free meal at elementary school in Seoul city .
I will write here soon ! !
In the middle of spring it snows .
And I told her I will wait for her .
Which shrines have you ever gone ?
And how busy you are is not the right reason to ask for favors .
I want to listen English songs for practice of English .
Well , I guess , I am going to the short cut for fatness . ^ ^
after that what determines which class we will .
Today , I played the CD belonged to 2007 's summer , and the air is scented with the sunshine from that year .
Maybe I should find something readers can have an interest from my daily life .
I enjoyed conversation with unacquainted persons of my company .
Japan team lost Korea team .
The world changes greatly , and some rules which fit for the past , may not suitable anymore .
I traveled Venice and Florence 3 years ago .
They eat , play game and sleep .
There are a lot of fishes .
I think there exist obvious differences between the two words .
After I tuned on music and began to dance .
Then I went out wardrobe , It was very surprising for them , and I killed them .
We suspect that he ate the cockroach full of pesticide !
After the 20th day of August in 2011 , What are we supposed to be ?
I 'm a member of badminton club in my school .
In this case , speaking Japanese is most important to take care of elderys .
And you must set it concrately , which means the plan must include numerical target .
It Project 3D image without 3D glasses .
Maybe the special effects will not be that great , and the acting , not the best given the financial restrictions , but the story can and must be good and interesting .
This is tha latest of this serize .
But I 'm wake up 6 : 30am .
The second trouble was that I got influenza after the funeral .
Since the day before yesterday , typhoon brought massive windy weather and that 's the reason of collapse .
I am a mother of three babyes , an elementary school teacher , and a student of graduate school .
I got an American friend here recently , so we decided to go out for lunch .
I was glad Phillies won the World Champion but honestly hated the riots .
I want to know it just like this or I did the wrong procedure .
At home the customer can buy , or make shopping by click .
They fight soon , but they make it up soon .
My daughter is 5th .
Although I was a little bit surprised , but I stood up by myself a few seconds later and shook dirts off my clothes .
I must treat with American people .
recomends on television and popular tv programs and
when are you feel happiness ?
It ' s intersting .
But it started raining late at night unfortunately .
that Ice cream .
take China for example , when scienitsts developed new tehcique to plant crop ; China could stop import crop from other countries .
a sunday office
He concerned about that .
In the club , there are tree times of live show in a day ,
what a amazing . .
You know , it 's embarrassed for your so - called dad to write something to you .
I went to englisg school after work .
Especially I love Japanese rock !
it was holiday today .
He promised that he will change a pair of new shoes to me !
I just remain regret
And after I rejecting him , he disappeared .
I study my English and find friends .
I want to keep learn English for bissiness and chatting .
I ended the asigment up .
I strongly support the idea of keeping library opening all night .
Even if they were not interested in farming , there was a DIY workshop just beside the field where kids could practice drawing pictures and making kites .
This time HW is writing report about religion .
Now I love exercising .
bunished = `` sh ``
I am staying in NY for stady English .
My graduation thesis became 50 pages or more .
Nice to meet you . Would you mind correcting my plofile ?
Chrono Trigger and Cross medley was also fantastic .
still escape beneath the uninfected healthy cell .
It begins to learn and seven months still .
Before doing the heist these men gathered at a round table playing card inside a small restaurant .
Then , I met my English partner and had a good time : )
April is a starting month in Japan .
When I want him to come into my room to go to sleep together , he always start to jump around like crazy and do n't want to come into the room .
Thank you for my correction Turkuase .
Even though I 'm in the circumstance , I could plan some strategies .
I just want to write and read English without any problems .
When I saw this website by a magazine , I thought it is so cool .
because actually the whole career it 's about hm 2 years and half !
All of the students were devided into 4 teams and they made some dishes by using wheat they 've already milled .
I hesitated to bring it but I could not control my sexual desire , so I passed it to her .
All I wanna say is that .
It 's `` Love Story `` sung by Taylor Swift . . .
Use idiom that we learned more than eight .
It 's closed as soon as I open it TT
I was satisfy with my life that I can stay with friends , but a little pity in my life that I can not with my parents and my sister .
I was surprised when I open Lang - 8 just mow .
In Germany we use the phrase not the yellow of the egg ( nicht das gelbe vom Ei ) for something which was not very good .
I want to make a good friends with her ! ! !
hello ,
Speaking of cobwebs , I do n't see cobwebs recently .
Therefore I saw the nightmare ( * _ * )
Ofcourse there is a villain .
I was losing the sense of the time .
In summary , in the modern life a lot of people like to keep their healthy weight good so that there are three important way to loss .
`` Why is identical to the `` you ask ?
It went to Roppongi after it had counted down .
I could n't understand the mechanism though , I could understand that 's very useful .
She did not say anything more than that .
This episode describes that their professional teaching skills helps students much more than parents .
good place to eat # 01 Demekin in Shinjuku
I felt bad when I slept .
See this videos .
I finished reading this book last night on train .
( A ) English is spoken in a lot of countries in the world .
NTU opens a plenty of general courses such as `` the morality and the life `` , `` public health issue `` , and so on .
I had a lot of mistakes .
So people in Tokyo buy eberything in shop and I can not buy water , rice and paper .
On the phone , she said , `` Well , there 's nothing special , but I 'm wondering how are you doing . `` I said , `` I 'm OK , mom .
I hate winter because of being cold .
so , It is very funny and complex relation .
Global economy is flat recently , many companies are striked
In my university I set up big goal and small goal .
mount Fuji
B ' z was very popular and we arrived there at 5 : 30 p . m . in spite of the fact that they were going to sing at 6 p . m .
He gasped staring at what was lying there in his palm .
She said it protected my mouth .
I ca n't decide it .
I drink liquor with them after a long time .
Maybe for my friend , I was n't fault , but for the friend of my friend , she was n't just an otaku .
last night He wanted to read this article , but it was only English version .
But , as I have some spare time in my hands , I decided to come back again : )
I really wanted to go to The Butchart Gardens but I did n't have enough time .
I am learning English from 6 months ago .
I want to change taste of his clothes
But , it is difficult for me to understand two differences .
I want to make my notes more interesting for me LFs .
Some friend said she found a friend from university , who had not kept in touch with recently .
In my school days , Jackie Chan is one of most popular actor for children in Japan .
You do n't have to post a correction and a comment for my entry because I have never corrected and commented to your journal these days .
I was actually going to go shopping at last weekend but because of two reasons I had been keeping it for two weeks .
And it is the story of the Self - Defense Force Festival .
Nobody walk in France .
greets dundee
But Tohoku is in winter .
That 's because , recentry I found a nearer subway station more than until now .
One day I met the foreigner in the train .
Whenever I go to the electronics stores , I try a mock camera .
Yesterday , I finally saw the movie `` up `` .
Do n't you feel happy when helping someone needing help ?
I would like live by myself .
I 've been away on our trip a hot - spring resort in Beppu for 2 days .
Pin Yin is like an alphabet in English .
I am investigating the solution with computation .
When I wash my hand , my scratch smart a little .
If you like that place , I recommend you to come Tasmania ^ ^
4 : Fresh cream , egg yolk and Parmesan cheese into a bowl .
you only wear `` Hand muffler `` .
I met a really kind gay in the restaurant last night .
Many people visit this city from all over the world because an atomic bomb was dropped in this city at 8 : 15am on August 6 , 1945 .
There is Ganges river in Varanashi .
The battery was dead in the train back home yesterday .
After that , I went to Gastown where I bought souveniers for my friends and family .
I am in job hunting .
We failed on a contest about 3G value - added service by Chunghwa Telecom .
So what I want to say is to enjoy the story is always in book !
I have a fun time there .
I am not wearing a wedding ring , my hasband neither , because we did not buy it .
shh ~ ~ ~ I would keep that in mind .
that would even better , for I could check real usage of the words .
Red yellow brown and orange . . . .
However , as Western management concepts and systems have become common in Japan , individual performance and outstanding characters are required more than before .
I found another enjoyment on every Friday .
That 's why so , we could n't get on the roller - coaster which we looked forward to the best , whose name was EEJANAIKA .
I 've thought of the place for a long time .
How far he was a great leader and father at the same time and I am so proud of him because he inculcated values and ethics in poeples ` minds and souls .
ok . .
Please give me some advice about those things .
I cost 20 US dollars on that ticket , it ' s
I would like to learn english because I would like to travel .
Inside of house is very hot more than outside .
As most of you can guess , we 're very depressed .
But I could n't explain well to him .
Then , today , my lunch was definitely got worse .
he fixes it easy .
Do .
Slightly less , 38 % of mature students expect to obtain new qualifications and just under a quarter consider studies an improvement of their performance at present work .
Would I see a movies with subtitles or without it ?
I would have a lot of laugh everyday because of you and would have ended in breaking my tummy and being sent to the hospital .
The storyline , a selection of actresses , makeup all were at a good level .
If anyone of you also playing in this amazing game , I 'll very glad !
Languages is interesting .
H : And the night !
Before I saw the movie , the theme seemed to ve interesting but it turned out to be a stereotype touching movie .
We maybe think we got some honor cuz we are human .
We can take five days off from 19 to 23 ,
A , and the night view from the top of John Hancock is splendid .
Then , should the government control the Internet ?
Because I want to eat hamburger .
Yesterday I went to the theater to watch movie Red Cliff .
Today , I went to library near my house to read the book .
Till My boy friend sit near me he started laugh at me and asked me what was that do you know what the meaning of that word .
I want to change the profile picture slowly .
is this correct conversation ?
I think this is not reason I ca n't get motivate .
I hope your safety .
This means beginning of 2 months of spring break ! ! !
At last , when it came out , my boyfriend hit it with a gossip magazine and threw it out with the magazine into garbage .
He just sends his resume in the Internet .
Maybe a little bit early start on 7 : 30 or still keep on 8 : 00pm ,
( attention : Japanese account is filled with my slung Japanese so it is hard to read . )
I liked was very much because my favourite kind of movie was horrible movie .
I did nothing but writing down what the teacher explained .
I hope that helps me to accept new job and find new friends .
Other argue that television is much overused , ineffective teacher .
I want to learn English , because I dream about getting education abroad when I 'll have left the school .
I drew a rough sketch of the two characters of my friends making game .
This music is not more famous than No3 , No5 , No6 , No9 .
In Japan , I have n't seen a person like that .
I think it is weird because company should decide who they chose students depending on what student do for four years in their student life .
And now , I finished arrengement .
I often use single - lens reflex camera .
But I find I do n't know her telephone number .
Ofcause , Japan also has beautiful ones , and I really like it .
He told me like this ;
Most of them are religious painting .
If you have n't a computer but you have a mobile , you can use the simulator was provided by the following website .
Why does something happen on the day of important TOEIC TEST ! ! !
Are there good ways to joing the conversation ?
I usually use PC for a long time everyday .
If you know please replay to me ! !
Did Sant Claus come to you ? .
Sometimes I attend to some city marathons .
She recovered from the disease recently .
Now , there are several ways to learning english for me , for example seeing movies , listening musics and remembering words etc .
But , I have few tests .
Such writing seem to be on the Internet of China .
It was because I bought a headset for Skype , I setup the headset .
It might be stupid questions , but I 'd like to know the following . . .
So it is about 230doller .
Creamed spaghetti with crabmeat and shrimp and pecten
It 's cold winter here , Seoul .
By the way , studying abroad in Philippine becomes more and more popular in Japan .
Last Saturday , I and my wife went to father - in - law 's house .
However , You had go on a America to study english
But he did not trust me said that I was cheating him .
I ca n't help waiting .
But it is for infant who is under 1 and absorb nutritions more than adult from what they have .
He sometimes did a stupid things .
I 'll try more harder .
I know what they means
`` Hatsu Umi `` is a translated word from Japanese expression .
So far , I am study in senior high school and major in art .
So I had read a book in my room .
( no exactly )
I 'll do hard work to raise my ability .
Even if I was a dissembler , at least I can help people in need .
I came the UK ten years ' ago .
I 'm major in environmetal engineering and science .
It 's not very difficult only but also interesting .
I finished at 6 : 30 my internship . . .
I wait for much advice from all in the world .
The trial system is only for 1 month .
thank you to teaching me english
Yesterday night , when I hurried my husband to help me but he was just lied there and continuing to watch the TV , my son got up , went to the side of my husband fast to wake him up .
The books on the blood
I 'd buy new one if my laptop does n't do anything or it doe n't even turn on .
Maybe she truly fell in love with him but honestly I ca n't believe there 's a pure love .
As I found new word , I 'm using .
Tolong mengoreksi ya .
Taking a R & D division as an example , a R & D division can be founded near a hi - tech center or near some colleges while the headquarter is located in the center of the city where is more noisy and prosperous .
Thereupon I I finished to make bread on time .
I confused because I did n't know it , furthermore I did n't have enough money .
Besides , the hotel has more than 6000 manga - books and you can bring anything into your room to read them .
They are interesting and cool videos .
When earthquake happened I remenbered her and I worried about her .
The previous score is 745 ( the score range is 10 ~ 990 ) .
and came back around 5am ? ?
I decide give up these nerouse .
I want to take Society for Testing English Proficiency
If I read foreign books ( not be translated ) , it obliged me to read slowly , because it 's to difficult for me to comprehend rapidly .
Japan is moutainous country .
But it was so difficult that I 'm worry the sentences were grammatically correct and any awkward phrasings of those sentences .
Every could has a silver lining .
Some of you might know Rosetta Stones is a software that help you understanding foreign languages using PC .
However I chaged mind because nobody knows the result .
When he became it so , I also became silent and had endured up to now .
It seemed that there were more suitable bars around the bar .
Instead of that , around this midsummer , we enjoy watching the World Cup Soccer games held in South Africa on TV .
So , my English is bad .
There is mixed feeling .
I do n't like the fact that I am such a guy with such a loser 's nature .
notice if you pee is yellow that mean the wether in your body is not enought .
My vacation ended up yesterday .
I guess I have to take an action in order to find someone to correct my english ?
By contrast , babies do n't have this kind of problem because they learn languages following the track of those language thoughts .
When It 's done , I think I want my parents and my girl friend try to eat a piece of this cake .
Until the last evening , I had n't felt anything bad of my health though .
I am looking for any good idea so that my body wo n't be too fat .
I would like to practice to paint the pansies more , and I would love to be able to paint them perfect because I am poor at painting flowers .
I was eating some sweets and drinking coffee and I tried chating in English .
I really enjoyed all of them .
I was envious of such him .
Olive is a seven year old girl , wearing glasses and a little fat .
I can entry into Canada .
but I do n't feel my level was raised .
Specially , the Autumn is always fine weather and getting cool .
She was housewife in those days .
And I save money now for buy new camera after high school 's graduation .
Although I 'm suffered to fail , It is a ordianry thing for me and I will do again to again . .
Yesterday 's chores
Party blue
I love it .
I tasted the cakes of three types .
Next Wednesday I can get the new one .
Sometimes , it is too busy to deal with customers friendly .
The advertisement were praised , because it 's original .
And then I got out of the pub and went back to my home .
I always drink too much when I go to Hawaii or United States .
Then I can express evrything using only 24 letters !
I want to watch the drama next year .
The customer can also get free coffee if they buy some bread .
on Sunday , there is happy hours from 6 pm to midnight .
I went to Thailand festival at last week .
this weekend , my friend who live in my hometown Nagoya , stayed my house in Kyoto .
And I 'd like to make such a wonderful site someday .
I played tennis when I was child , and I re - try playing tennis 1 month ago .
Swimming at Hotel pool
`` The modern world is regarded as one `` is true sentence .
How could we do if we have some problems .
She works as an stylist in a salon , and I often go there for cutting my hair .
I wanna beat my girlfriend . Scrabble
When we arraived the parking lot which was near start line , there were no cars !
I am enjoying this Lang - 8 recently .
This difference robs me of opporotunities to eat fruits ( ^ ^ ; ) ( in Tokyo I rarely have furuits ) .
I thought many people dont confess everything to others .
if I can choice one element .
In the other acount , I study Korean .
He could speak several languages more than 10 .
It 's been about 5 months since I wrote the last entry .
The point is whether the last sentence is induced from the former sentence .
If player of KYOJIN beat home run ,
Especially like raw fish .
but on sightseeing trip though .
Her father is a government scientist and has gone to somewhere in a space .
The lecture says that their constitution embodies United states itself .
`` I can sleep with standing . ``
Some of them shout loudly or scream , some of them take a vacation , and most of the women go shopping and maximize their credit cards .
The only pity thing was that I could n't see my friend living in Inchon near Seoul .
I went the the exam place with my friends .
I 'm going to graduate from college 10 days later , but I still have a lot of homework .
I have to new one ^ ^
I was difficult `` The Korea Herald ``
I want to be a turist who can speak in country language , its so most nice !
After all , I did n't do my homework .
We ran 10 laps in this way .
I had a Soba lunch today .
I know something and I can talk , but I do n't know many things and I scared talk .
So , I drank and became drunken enough to take a nap during the dinner .
However , in general the number of overseas people slightly decreased in 2005 except March .
Today I heard a shoking news .
Therfoe story does n't come to the end .
On figure 1 , 207 . 87 . 206 . 103 is internal SonicWALL firewall and it kept sending fail / success alerts to 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 ( localhost ) , 4 . 2 . 2 . 2 ( testing DNS ) , 8 . 8 . 8 . 8 ( google public DNS ) and 66 . 92 . 170 . 40 ( X4 uplink ) .
So I waited bus , and a guy walked to me .
She told that I grew out from that occupation .
Thank you for your teaching me English .
50 % of Japanese Boys shape their eyebrows on their own at their home .
postpone : Our school postponed the beseball game because of the bad weather .
Because I tought that the big room can lead a expansive life .
A few hours later my sister e - mailed me saying that everything was all right in the neighborhood .
I bought her a pair of pierce in Chico .
At first , I have to learn cooking .
What do I want ? What is the thing I am goot at ?
I have been in north America like U .
After abrupt rain ceased , an arch having seven colors sometimes appears .
When I arrive at the last station of the day , my train turns to be out of service and drive into a garage of trains without passengers .
Grocery stores and gas stations that open were filled with earthquake victims .
well , but no one knows when it 'll be over .
The lecturer agrees with the reading of the author that Racoons have an intriguing characteristics however , they are sometimes misunderstand .
I attended that last Tuesday .
It was second time to think about this .
Then , I often go there .
I 've been studying English mainly .
So I ` m looking forward to waiting my summer vacation ! !
In negotiating we should establish an atmosphere of mutual understanding necessary for an ongoing business relationship .
I could unlocked the door at last , and I entered the room .
In the old days gift was sometimes poisoned .
If I found how my motivation gets low , I could deal with it .
I used this bag when I go to school .
The books is a better invention than internet .
We three and others are playing in the movie which is used in a theater .
A , or maybe Seattle because there is a statue of Jimi Hendrix called the god of guitar .
It can be translated that if this world is not interesting for you , change it so that you can enjoy .
His waist is too big recently .
Unfortunately there is only one airline company that has a fright to there .
And I 'm tired even though I do n't go to school .
Though I do not know about the united state 's mathematics education , in Korea , high school students learn probability and statistics a little in regular curriculum .
Almost dish was new experience for me . I have never eaten .
But I gave portaits with a message .
New hotels are , for example , low - end capsule hotels , high - end foreign hotels such as The Ritz - Carlton , and new - style hotels that unifies ancient and modern Kyoto .
Little by little , there has been many customers .
I love to listen to K - pop and Pop .
But , it was very difficult for me to grill pancakes : - ( At first , I made a pancake with a fry pan .
He had already checked the place that we can ride a horse .
It takes over an hour and a half to commute to work each way .
I am sure if I cherish it , I will gain more .
Purchasing computers for students is a wise decision because computers increase the opportunity for students to access information that they can not find easily in library books or extremely current information not even available in books .
I will have a good time to watch it .
I alway wonder if anything I can do for whole day long .
Did you find your a favorite notebook ?
Masayoshi Son will be a new political leader of Japan ?
I 'm really sure the reason why I caught a cold .
Now , I am litening Born This Way from Lady Ga Ga .
My imagination make a big leap forward .
It astonished me that there is old Florence ( in 15th century ) In this game !
So , which is the best expression in the CV [ created / constructed / made ] when I want to say make system , and if they have some different meaning , would you let me know ?
The purpose is to speak English fluently on business .
It snowed for a whole day today .
Summer wars
Today , I was too busy to do my desk work piled on me .
The OKONOMIYAKI like Japanese Pizza .
I also have challanged to learn English many time ,
This is largely because the price of a thing increase , consumptions of the thing is decrease .
About my English , My speaking is OK although , it was different story when it 's come to writing .
I am so lucky to have something I can work with because economic is not really good in Japan .
I was born in Beppu where is famous for hot springs , and grew up till high school students .
I would like to keep this !
This year I study at a school there .
Congraduration me ! !
Most part of the movie I saw are love stories .
I was done TOEFL testing at today
It 's more hard .
becase very big tree ( 2000 ~ 7000yesrs old ) is
Today was play golf at myple golf club in Shiga Japan .
Sauna bath is a high temperature and humid room .
When I got back home , I wanted to drink more .
To do it , you use a software `` cipher `` .
so I need you help , not matter what your mother language .
and then I just started to read David Copperfield by Charles Dickens ) ) ) ) ) ) ) And after 1 chapter I conked out ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
It was clair and bleu .
But I ca n't stop learning to swimming .
the first entry
Since I though he is not a type of person who is interested in the social network service sites , I was surprised at him .
In Japan , a lot of shops play her song `` All I Want For Christmas Is You `` during winter Christmas season .
If you order Hoppy at a Izakaya , Hoppy is mixed with shochu , a Japanese distilled spirit , and then served .
Today , I also rested whole day with same reason as Monday .
I know my English skil is not enogh on bisness , but I will have to work at a cliant which needs to comnunicate by English from next month .
Now I 'll tell about my first snowboarding experience in Alps .
So I 'm looking forward to watch them .
He escaped around over Japan .
Soichiro Tahara , a politic critic , is famous person , all the same I suppose he is suspicious .
After listening to her scolding , I take a prize by my mother ( For example , she bought ice cream )
Many people also realise this .
But it was fun time , and we decided .
So he said `` well , , I do n't know . if anything happens , I 'll call . ``
In my case , my friends and I can afford to go to the restaurant because we accustom ourself to work and have a modest income .
In the morning of yesterday , I found my husband 's cellphone was on his desk after he went to work .
Here is widespread agreement among that the college student is God 's favored city in China .
I was asking myself why I was there ?
But , I should not make an excuse .
She 's caught a cold , so before he came , he went to her place and took good care of her ; making a meal , letting her take a medicine , doing a laundry and so on .
I almost am discouraged sometimes .
I will take a exam on 21th Dec . .
I hope I can plan ahead for it because the jobs are on Saturdays and I need to empty my schedule .
I sang 3 hours .
I 'm looking forward to watch the concert !
I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .
Today , I called with my friend and I know that she got married !
So in Japan there are 2 layers of high presure : the Chibetan high pressure and the Pasific high pressure . That 's why I am almost dying . . .
There 's nothing to say .
I ca n't believe why she could
Well , somebody told me that you should find a girl friend then you will learn the foreign language pretty soon .
and it really effected the whole work , so I think today is not a good day to me .
It is very happy though my work is a little busy .
And it is very cheap , costs 2500yen ! !
Eventually , he got it , but I failed the examination . . .
Let 's chatting on skype .
It was so complicated and fine image , but after that we felt little good to accomplish it .
We are likely to collect new topic of Japanese animation works for him !
But , I do n't goot at speaking English .
She weared a beautiful dress that her father
Is he a crime for pleasure ?
Why dose people use a e - mail function than ringing up friends or someone else ?
Then they started arguing loudly so my friend could not sleep anymore and was scscared of it .
I get 2 days off tomorrow and on Sunday .
my first day with lang - 8
My wife bought it for my son last year and I had ever seened yet .
It was when I was on the way home in the middle of the night .
I planned to buy a shirt which was introduced on TV .
but I like one ! !
Finally I need keep up my English study .
Last year I grew tulips and they bloomed very beautiful .
They are very good freinds each other , of course including me !
What needs changing ?
She could n't realize any serious problems in her son 's marriage life .
This is my first day to be here .
She arrived there about 50 minutes late ' as usual ' and it made me annoyed a little .
Do you know natto ?
In that case , I may be able to be friends who live in all over the world and extend my perspective .
I have poor circulation by nature .
We can find gyudon chain everywhere in Japan .
To tell you the truth , I wanted to rent Julie & Julia and watched it in English because Meryl Streep is my favorite actress .
It will help me be more careful to write a thesis .
I submited an identification , passport , and registered my personal information .
What 's your favorite ice cream taste ?
I worry about that I wonder whether I can bring up our baby in this country .
What can you put the words in ?
my sister is a student .
In tomorrow night , I 'll meet my teacher who is class teacher during when I was high school student in three grade .
It was interesting movie and made me think about a lot of things .
But this festival is only big flame festival in my country .
And , I made friends many Japanese and little another country perple .
Aaron , a younger brother , helped me cook them .
As far as I concerned , I hate the coming exam which is very difficult for me . . . .
I do n't know what make them think so that .
And I asked her about it .
me indulge so I ca n't concentrate on study ( English , Finance , IT )
We do n't have articles , proporsitions , modal verbs , praticiples etc .
One of the most popular talents , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi was arrested today .
I has waiting with my eyes shut and he finish my hair done in no time .
On the way to the bus stop , we saw some beautiful flowers such as cherry blossoms .
I think if we can use the Internet appropriatly , We could gain a lot from it .
I love to play video game
I dont need English schoool I thought . . .
Some people expect him to get over the hard time by the disaster , the others have lost their trust for Japanese politics .
I lazy this summer about sutuding english .
This week is bery hard for me , because I have part time job on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday , and plan to play on Thursday , and plan to go Kyoto on Friday . ( ^ ^ ) * Of course , I have class of college . so I must study .
After I got back to Japan , I 've been prepared to make my career seriously .
While we were having lunch , our kids were enjoying playing in the room .
Other students made various answer .
What can you advice me for improving my English ?
There are Read English book , Watching English movie , Study English grammar , study XML , etc .
But I do n't agree the thought that talent is everything .
Smoking is bad for my lungs but not for my feelings .
If I do n't deside the dead line , I would be a person with limited English forever .
It was more feaeful than queake .
Thank you for your supporting .
Nevertheless , tomato ate almost all the nutrition from the soil .
Well , I get ready for part - time job .
The content of the movie is `` Sangokushi `` which is the story of three countries which are at war with each other in China 1800 years ago .
I want you to correct its .
Some of tourists are very dissapoited with this fact .
We also stopped by the tax office and filed my tax return . . .
However , marriage brings two people live together in the whole rest of live .
For example , I 've joined `` LANG - 8 `` service of Internet .
Masamune is major person of warring states period , this period is 1467 - 1568 .
My current project becomes so interesting to me , that I almost forgot about my studies .
I ca n't speak English well , but I always try to be the first say hello and talk to people in English .
I think I , was a yaer ago , will feel like quiting .
5 points are important , I think , which are `` enjoy learning `` , `` have purposes and concrete aims `` , `` think always about why you can not speak foreign language , and how to improve it `` , `` force yourself overwork `` , and `` watch your step - by - step progress `` .
But I found I was not good at cooking it . . .
Then , I went to the school .
I am emailing you because I 'd like to looking for a teacher who give me lessons in English next month .
Today , I was hang over . . .
We need talks all the time so it 's important to learn how to speak .
My favorite was and is music , both listen to , play and composing .
The first photo is listening textbooks .
Now , all the people are discussing the global warming .
The presents are a stuffed kangaroo , oil of an emu and a pendant of opal .
whoever , though there were a ten of thousands of people living in the gigantic city , believe it or no , I have not any relatives and acquaintances .
Both hers and his sound the same to me .
Eto is traditional Japanese custom which reflects 12 animals to 12 years .
It 's 21 o ' clock .
And he took me many places that I 've never been .
New apartment is located near my house , but I have lived here for 10 years
Kasia is always smilling person .
I saw my friend to have her listen to me .
Well , I think there is no interesting things in my monologue ( or there is ? : ) ) , so I 'll finish .
I hope my bonus of year is good than last year .
Why the students ' who come to Japan really likes science or math ?
But after next week , I will free ! !
She plays difficult piece on fourth iPhone and sings very well .
Tomorrow I have a part - time job early in the morning .
By the way , I applying for graduate schools by this Fall entry .
Actors and actresses cosplayed as characters of ONE PIECE .
so I have headache and chill .
Contents ; However , I think CNN magazines are more focusing on improving English than Times .
In Nagasaki it getting cooler than before .
But I was lucky today because I went home to learn my English hometask .
There was so many people and some of them are foreigner .
Only it can make me sleep well .
It express hardship of care by humor .
Thus I spent quite a long time to memory it .
When my hair will cure , I dye them again .
But unfortunately , I am over weight and have a wider weist .
But we had to go out the place soon .
well enough to draw my attention , but I saved my breath because I didn ' t
It was super cold yesterday , but I did n't wear warm cloths .
I so envy you .
You can buy also some vegetable and fruits .
I 'd appreciate if you 'd kindly take your time to correct the sentence about the recent trend of birth rate in Japan .
Do you like band music ?
Now I 'm worring about homestay .
So when we went out talking about his classes , I got to know that he had a thought that holding a class at his home at weekend . I was so happy that I told him that I am very interested about that .
In Tokyo , you can eat many kinds of food around the world .
My aunt lived in London for 2 years but she said she does n't know acupuncture .
Monkey George is cute and his mischief is humorous .
Speaking section and writing section are my main concern because I feel not comfortable with them now .
If I want to practise a dialogue , I write down some suitable questions and ask me how I can respond to them .
What story do you image from these pictures ?
Almost things are changing , moving and complexing .
I forgot this feeling for a while , but Lang - 8 made me realize it again .