I am looking forward to this .
What do you usually eat for breakfast ?
In the evening , sometimes it is cold and sometimes it is mild .
More work , more money . . . .
But I have only ridden 1800km with this bike !
Because something bad happened in my home .
I can not speak it fluently yet , so I would love to improve my English : D
I always heard
When I was in high school , I wanted to be an elementary school teacher .
I have nothing to say . I just want to learn English well .
If someone does not wake me up , I might be continue sleeping .
homework every weekend , so it 's hard for me .
I want to speak to foreigners .
I 'm very happy !
I DON ' T AGREE WITH that statement .
These days , I 've become more confident in my decisions .
Grandma , I miss you so much but I ca n't be with you during this 7 - day holiday .
I am little bit tired and feel like I have just come back from a long journey or something ^ ^ but I think I really did enjoyed her staying at my house !
I eat three meals a day instead of eating many cookies as a meal like I do at home sometimes .
I 'm going to Hukushima with my boyfriend and club friends in February .
But I think this chance will never come round again .
He 's not the kind of man who lets his anger out easily and still feels fine .
We found a cicada on the fence .
It was really hard for me , because I was shy in front of strangers .
I imagine all of you know about this excellent film .
My other band is an original band .
Because I do n't like to go to church ,
It 's my favorite tailor 's shop ! !
The one who should be screaming is ME !
I saw each year a countdown festival from broadcasting on television .
Anyway , I enjoyed the fun - run race yesterday .
we 'll make an itinerary in a hurry .
I can name up several other projects man has
So I 'm preparing the visa application now .
But at least if the train that I ride does n't reach a station on time , we ca n't meet at the same place .
Because I know the rules of this game very well .
Before registering for this course , I thought that it would not be that difficult .
Most schools ' courses start in July or in February .
We are supposed to go separate at Shinjuku at 11pm after seeing her off .
The Doctor is older than me .
This movie 's title is slumdog $ millionaire .
My understanding is that a `` translator `` deals with written language , and an `` interpreter `` deals with spoken language .
I was listening to CNN Student News , and the interviews turned out better .
The library has many magazines ,
Because the wind is so strong .
I asked him `` what are you doing ? ``
I drink a lot of water to avoid having a heatstroke .
The ending is warm but it makes me sad .
It opened in the noon today .
Do you have a favorite place ?
I responded , `` I 'm OK . Do n't worry , `` and left home .
But last Wednesday , I learned by Internet that Kagrra 's concert was canceled because there was a problem with some visas . U _ _ U
because I ` ve just signed up to the Lang - 8 website 3 days ago !
I will stay overnight at a lodge near the top of Mt .
I have to prepare clothes , tools ( a transformer , a fitted plug , etc . ) , and so on .
She told me during our last lesson that she wanted to visit Asakusa so I took a lot of picture for her .
I was very happy to make some friends and I want to make more now .
( 1 ) A local staff who wishe ( d ) to take ( a ) special or sick leave , ( is ) required to obtain a prior written consent ( annex No . 5 attached hereto ) from the principal or the curriculum coordinator in accordance with the list of the special paid leave and sick leave attached hereto ( annex No . 6 attached hereto )
I have dry skin so I worry about the winter .
I bought a sports shirt for my father though .
Even so it costs $ 300000 if the child graduates from a university .
Finally , I completed my paperwork today .
It was the first time that happened , from reading .
When I entered my room , I suddenly felt very tired
I have 4 quizes almost every day .
I really do n't feel like going because I have other things to do at home .
I have four straight days of holiday next week !
I was very happy while I was searching for the books .
And the people who are in the progressive camp insist that the conservative camps are using the death of the North politician as a their political position , giving them the advantage .
Getting through my vocabulary makes me feel fantastic !
Today my three friends and I went to Fujikyu High - Land which is an amusement park on the border between Yamanashi prefecture and Shizuoka prefecture .
I went to the Bon Dance Festival at the Tsukiji Hongan - ji , the buddhist temple in Tokyo , with my friend .
My english teacher sudddenly said to us that they 're raising the tuition .
It 's March and it 's a new semester .
And I think Korean music should change .
You probably eat a lot after swimming , do n't you ?
Yesterday I had a bad day .
I began learning English a year and half ago , but my English skill has not improved , so I will try to communicate ( more ) using English .
Then , he explained , `` Tonight 's dinner was too heavy for me to eat .
I tried speaking correctly but if I did so , the words would not come out .
The dramas are very popular in USA .
I could not respond to most of the questions .
Now , I think it 's time to get back to practice , to start `` learning `` again , writing in this website and speaking on skype .
New kind of web service appeared last year in Japan .
I bought some curtains for my dormitory room because the original curtains were too old and thin .
First was vocabulary , Next was grammer .
By then , it will already be morning in Japan . Now I will go to bed .
This experience tells us what is suitable for us and what we should do .
This year , I am looking forward to this festival because this is my holiday .
But all I do on the weekend is loaf around the house , so I 'd like to refresh myself .
I had many mistakes at the first exam , especially the speaking section ! !
really , I have n't been studying it . So I hope you can help me .
Anyway , today mother came back home with bread .
I have no plan to live in Tokyo at all , but I am eager to live in such an expensive room ! !
This photo is of the swimming pool .
Tomorrow I 'll try to tweet more often .
So I want to watch a game in Hamburg .
public lottery
I want to go to hot spring !
Introducing myself
I 'm sure that you 'll have fun .
I plan to buy a bag via the internet shopping .
When I started school life at the age of 7 , my mother used to teach me after school .
And few days ago , an American man called me .
Today I went to a bookshop and browsed through some books .
By the way , I am becoming a little nervous these days because of the pressure of job hunting , and I often feel lonely .
We had a drinking party for our college friends who are gon na get married this weekend ! Is n't that wonderful ? !
I want to do this so that my English improves quickly !
Then you will be wide awake .
I have a bad memory about a typhoon .
After I do my best on my work next week , the long - awaited summer vacation will start .
It is called `` Koshien `` , because it takes place in a baseball stadium named `` Koshien `` .
I 'm so exhausted , I just finished teuk kong mu sool which is called martial arts ? ? ( I do n't know how spell it , , , )
They were about how to buy the parts of products .
It is a serious thing to me .
I baked breads for the first time
I know some foriegners who learn japanese in order to read japanese comics and watch japanese animations in japanese .
How could my listening ability could be worse than my friends ?
In my high school days , I always thought about aliens .
After my children go to school , I start studying English about three hours .
I am here whispering to myself .
He is a fantastic comic actor .
I did just 20 counts .
I had a plan on that day , so left my house while they were installing the meter .
All you need is boiled chestnuts and sugar .
or Could you tell me the way to point B ?
They also bite a lot of spots at once .
I have to prepare something like goods for winter .
If you do not give candy to the girl who gave you chocolate you are considered unkind and rude whether you like the girl or not .
I enjoy talking with people who are learning English .
I have to find an apartment in Hokkaido , Japan because I am set to go to a university there from April this year until next year .
Now , I am working at LG Chemical Research Park in Korea ,
I could see the really beautiful view especially today .
Then I plan on using the computer for the rest of the day .
Do you know what a kotatu is ?
A few minutes later , we began to clean again .
It 's very inconvenient , as I usually study English using my computer .
Generally he gave her fifteen points and beat her , but today she won easily . ``
Now I moved to the other room and then we never speak each other .
My company provides us lunch every day .
There are not enough facilities to
He prescribed a month dose medication shampoo for me .
I 've just finished all my tests and reports ! !
But despite the joy , we will face traffic jam ! !
I came home a short time ago .
My eldest daughter is very free spirited .
I hate being home when my mom is n't here , because I feel lonely without her .
Generally , I guess the Japanese tend to like new and complex things .
The line had alot of static .
It is one of the most important problems relating to Japanese working conditions today .
Please look at me .
To survive the global market , Japanese companies must recognize the importance of management training .
This country is too hot ! Today it was 50 degrees celsius .
I 'll stay for four days and three nights , and visit two companies .
This phenomenon is getting serious and should have more attention to it .
I am looking forward to Golden Week .
This is really an interesting website . Whoever created it must be a genius ! Ok . .
( I 've been living in Tokyo for one and half of years and I lived in Seoul for 5 years . )
I was very happy but also very sad . I cried .
But I already changed my mind about working whenever I got sick by working hard .
I always eat lunch at the dining room in my company .
I think that it 's even more popular actually .
Me and my father have been building the green house for a month . Since he asked me to help him build it .
It was a very very hot summer .
I am happy to get together with my classmates and professors .
I 'll try to I hope I 'll get better soon .
I think true hospitality have two parts .
I have sometimes heard `` You love to plan ~ `` . I am reading books related to my future and my favorite CEO is Steven Jobs , the CEO of Apple .
Firstly , I like reading and writing .
I 'd like to know how the nuance changes among them .
She replied `` Because I became a good cook `` .
It was my first time to sit in a massage chair .
I almost burst into tears while watching them .
My father always dreamed of being a pilot but he did n't pass the medical examination and so decided to work at Voronezh aircraft plant .
There are a lot of games with that motif in Japan .
In Japan after students graduate from junior high school , most enter high school .
I am planning to go abroad in about one year to study fashion design in England or France .
I will go to Disneyland and Ocean Park .
In the summer vacation my
I uploaded the daily supper on Twitpic .
He had a skeleton body , so I thought he was god of death !
The white bridesmaid : `` I do n't know where to look . . .
within 300 miles of an island .
so it could be proof that my English has been improving .
Sometimes , drunk old men with Tigars ' caps are wondering on the street in Osaka . haha .
Although the comic and anime are represented comically , after watching it , I somehow have good feelings because the end of a story will always be happy .
I also saw police officer go on the country road to catch a pig which ran away from the jail .
And I write here , on Lang - 8 .
By the way , today is going to be the busiest day of the month for me .
I 'm sorry for being a bad cameraman . > <
We spent about 6hours at lunch .
Russian history is so interesting . I 'd love to know more .
I want to hear many thoughts .
He has had a high fever and has been coughing .
And one of them told me that Facebook provides a very easy way to keep in touch .
I 've sorta recently met a teenage girl who has been
But we will have five consecutive days off !
I 'm especially poor at English .
Unfortunately , an umbrella was not in the office .
In conclusion , developed countries should help poor countries economically .
Do n't be lazy , be diligent .
Then his wife finally forced him to get a mobile phone .
I 'm a fourth year undergraduate .
The story was much more interesting than I had expected !
But then I realized it was an interesting one ; therefore , I have registered here .
And these are my new tattoos !
Because I use same station as her , we can see each other when we wanna talk .
This way gastritis occursand can lead to obesity again , for that reason .
In the next game , Korea will have a match against Argentina .
Not having gone shopping for a while , I was as excited as she was .
I finished work at 5 : 00p . m . and went home immediately .
My poor English was enough to live and stay in a foreign country but trying to apply and adjust it to business and use it in a practical way is a totally different story .
Yesterday , while she and I were having dinner at her house , she said that she would have her birthday two days later .
I ca n't talk well and ca n't explain my feeling when I am doing voice chat .
This band is very well known in Japan .
Of course I like spicy food .
I often tell myself , Can I work well ?
We 've been giving summer courses for junior high school students since the end of July .
Of course , that 's true , but I 'm not the easy going person that my friends think I am .
I approve of early - childhood English education .
So I always boast about my colorful clothes ! & nbsp ;
What 's the matter ? ``
I like music such as Funk , Rock , Jazz , and Bossa - nova . It 's so fun !
( So I think sunflower is one of the flowers I should love )
The choices of blenders are as follows :
After that , we went to Pizza Hut .
In those days , many samurai were killed because they fought to prevent the opening of the country to the world .
We just have to go there . .
I 'm Japanese and living near Tokyo .
The movie `` the fago `` is really scary .
My mother - in - law will temporally be a census taker next month .
I think that Kyoto has many good places for watching it .
And I want to know about different culture too .
Finally , we can use Lang - 8 more easily than on phones than on computers !
Recently , I 've been trying to improve my spoken English and listening .
but now , I seem to know the reason why anakin has changed to the dark side .
Are you interested in the news ?
In the apartment , I can use the pool , gym , party room , and DVD theater .
So now it is Golden Week .
But I do n't have much free time .
I ca n't communicate with them .
That is my reason .
Today 's work is packing stuff for a performance abroad ( in china )
There are implicit connections between us and our ancestors .
Real is the thing that can not be proven fake ! !
Suddenly , she realized her cell phone had been stolen .
But the people who work at the office said that I should hand in my medical examination or go back to Japan to cure my disease and come back to study .
I was starving , because I had n't eaten breakfast or lunch .
And I will go on Biz trip on a to Koreanext Tuesday
I passed the test , oh yeah ! CONGRATULATIONS !
We still need to save electricity , so I think a gas fan heater would be good , but I have n't found one yet .
The doctor told me that it may be caused by a person 's the self - physiology , that it 's congenital .
`` 0 `` means `` nothing `` .
It 's been only a day since I bought it .
It has reported the original information and results , and had detailed and reliable data .
There were UFOs in my house .
I like to just walk and watch as nature awakens .
Only this time I was n't wearing my pullover anymore ( I had taken it off on my way down ) , so I could feel her claws hook into my shoulder ( ouch ) .
A Fire happened in an electric wire which is in front of my house yesterday .
whether we trust it or not .
This is the end .
Tomorrow , I have a work as a hall stuff member but I have a day off after tommorrow , so I can not stand it .
It 's been a while since the last time I traveled abroad .
She did n't do good research about American culture .
There are probably a lot of mistakes .
After that , we had lunch at a sandwich restaurant .
Also at New Years time we are busy cooking new year 's dishes on New Year 's Eve and we clean up our house at the end of the year .
I hope I can fully recover and work hard like I used to .
I do n't know the difference between American 's anime and Japanese anime .
Today I got a holiday , and went to the guitar shop to buy a ukulele .
So now I am writing a manuscript , If if you like , check it please check it .
Especially , my favorite was a steamed meat bun ! !
I 'm studying English because I will be studying at university in Britain next year .
It 's a sunny day !
My youngest son who is one year old has a cold .
She is getting angry easily .
But , I watched TV the whole day .
I use the violin the most . OR I use the violin especially .
this way we can pick out the good students out of the applicants
It motivated me a lot , and I felt a little freaked out .
I have never learned how to write Japanese .
So I disagree with using cell - phones in the school .
He was not able to find his food even if I put it right beside his eyes or mouth .
I checked whether some information had come to my email box .
Perhaps it would only take half the time !
I went to a Singaporean restaurant tonight .
They were very very exciting for me .
I bought it last Thursday !
Next Wednesday , our 2nd grade is going on a school trip to Hokkaido .
Good bye
And I gave each of them a souvenir from Tokyo : amulets I bought in The Tokyo Daimyojin .
He told me he could n't sleep because his new rented room was n't equipped with air conditioner yet and one night he had to sleep in a square .
I am actually concerned about it .
so I spent my time relaxing at home . . . but sometimes I feel sick . . . I felt that I hate being alone . . . .
And on the other hand , I accidentally broke my glasses last night , so today I had to wear broken glasses fixed by transparent plastic sheets , which is not only ugly but also made my view fuzzy and made me dizzy .
I started to watch `` Full House `` in English without any subtitles today .
If you do ( know ) , I would be very happy if you could tell me !
Though I do n't eat a lot normally , going to a buffet restaurant made me want to eat a lot more foods than I eat usually do !
Twitter can bring to you great information ( news , reviews of products , constructive opinions ) but can equally bring useless garbage like what your `` following `` is doing at the moment ( for example eating breakfast , who cares about it ? )
In Islam , there is one god .
I knew some masterpieces ' titles , their characteristics and why they are so important in art history and things like that .
My first dialy diary in English
I introduce you to some Japanese gossip .
I 'm going to school , which means what ?
I often met the foreigners who do not learn the language even they stay the country for a long period .
The Japanese government right now is reviewing its nuclear energy policy due to the Fukushima nuclear disaster .
watashi no syumi ha kaiga desu .
I do n't know why I 'm more nervous about going this new job compared to going to my last 2 jobs . . .
I have got a job .
Actually , we Japanese eat internal organs , called sashimi .
The drama also tells us about a daily life in the White House .
That will give a lot of people the chance to try it .
I cooked for my boyfriend everyday while we were there , and felt very happy when he said `` it 's delicious `` .
I went to study in a group of CMS ( Contents Management System , internet systems for blog and website , like WordPress ) and made a discusssion with members .
Which is the correct word ?
Sometimes , I feel like I seem like a real teacher .
But , one rainy day , her brother Jin disappeared . . . .
We have a lot of firework festivals during the summer every year .
Yesterday , I visited a temple in Sunchun .
I was corrected , especially articles .
Yon know , everybody hates losing , but he does even more .
He was criticized for his `` Koshi - Pan `` .
So tomorrow I 'll try to finish the job no matter how much it 's left . : )
I am a first - year university student .
I hope I do well .
But please be friends with me .
Everytime I went to my grandmom 's house , they would ask me in turns `` Where is Melissa ?
The second video clip is the original version .
I stepped on the brake and stopped .
I was born in Kansai , Japan , so I love comedy shows very much because they make me feel relaxed .
Other teams did n't disguise themselves .
Yesterday , when I had to go to school by bike , the thermometer registered - 15 Celsius !
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan . I think he is a great film director . I have watched Following , Memento , Insomnia and The Prestige , which were also directed by him , and these movies are amazing ,
There 's some very good music too , the soundtrack is on the Internet if you want to download it .
And this is a Japanese Anime .
I 'm very afraid of getting a new boyfriend .
I have to practice on how to cook a hamburger from now on .
I try to listen to other people 's opinions .
I hope it will be not only an interesting , but a well paid job too .
It was a two - story cake .
I 'm going to bed .
Although I 'm a beginner on ipod technology , I would like to do many things with mine .
If you have n't been here , it is a pity .
When I was an university student , of course , I had my hair dyed blond , dark red and any other color I wanted ; just like other youths to express themselves by changing their hair color .
We stayed at the beach reading books , playing games ( Othello and Sudoku ) during daytime .
If you happen to know of a good website , please let me know the URL .
Therefore , whatever what kind of life we want , it 's our choice .
This is kind of hard .
I do n't usually like studying , but I make an exception for studying English !
If I had n't met them , I would n't be the person I am today .
I made Stir - fried veggies and mushrooms .
Looking at the Christmas tree , I thought that the year 2008 was coming to an end and that time passed really quickly .
( how ) would you know ?
I think it 's been getting worse especially after starting learning English on `` Lang - 8 `` , which has become my hobby .
Yet I still have to find some time to do these exercises .
Yesterday , I made 4 items for dinner .
He looked at my juice and said `` it looks delicious , it looks delicious . ``
I wonder if someone might invite me to a prom !
The work is difficult because the distance I have to travel is over 1000km . . .
I already knew that I am allergic to cats .
My hobby is listening to music .
I used to live in Sydney , Australia . I lived there from April 2004 to July 2005 .
So you do n't have to stand the long training in order to see your enemy 's face
My work was very hard , so she came here and helped me .
I signed up lang - 8 this morning , I hope this site can help me improve my English writting and make friends with who speaks English !
There is no doubt that it is not good for our environment to build a factory in our community .
If you decied on taking a exercise class , what would you do ?
Yesterday , I walked aound the university 's campus with my new friend .
We entered a kind of information center . A lady explained to us
This is not a problem caused by technology but a problem caused by society , and might be a problem with man 's fate .
Which singers do you like ?
Although it was raining outside , but I thought it would increase my opportunity for buying the tickets , since during rainy days , most people usually do n't like to go outside to watch movies .
but I fall in love with it at first eyesight .
Also , in my car , I can sing unreservedly .
My husband and I sang some songs and had a good time .
I was working at the office on the 10th floor of the building .
In Japan , the stamp shop is open on Sunday .
Which do you think cooler ?
I do n't know if I can survive it or not .
I can ? ? ? , but I could n't in that game .
Does anyone know what my problems could be ?
I 've missed apple cider for a long time .
Yesterday . . .
Because my boss is very careless at work .
For instance , since I want to spend a lot of time on my hobbies , I need plenty of time .
But my hands were as cold as ice !
Last weekend I heard that one public school near my home is trying to recruit a new Chinese teacher .
My wife 's father is going to go to Yamanashi prefecture for his job .
At the counter , I heard the Thai guides discussing something about how to change the flight for their Thai tourists as they necessarily had to go back to Bangkok that day .
It has been 4 months since I came ( ? ? ) Sydney .
There is little difference between first and now .
Should I use Good evening to replace Good night ?
I 've heard that one of my co - workers is going to quit his job next July .
My concern was if English software would work on my Japanease OS .
A man picked up fallen things and put them back on the shelf in a convenience store , joined the line to buy some goods , waited patiently and paid for them .
I bet you will like it .
It surprised me .
However , they are going to continue working as they are for a while .
This is not as strict as the seats on the train because most people take these when there is no other seats available .
I hope that they will allow those outside Japan to listen to their station .
I can tell good articles from those that are not well - written , but when it comes to correcting them , it seems to be beyond my abilities .
It seemed easy , but I had to learn intransitive and transitive verbs .
( Actually , I 'm not 30 yet , but my age is shown that way on the Profile . )
It 's hard for me in Japanese to understand why you feel it because we do n't often use grammar the way you English speakers .
PLEASE , help me with it . Because I do n't know the correct way to say it .
How to improve my English essay writing ~ ~ ~
It takes only thirty seconds on foot !
This is my first time writing here .
Is this true ? If so , do you pay a language fee or do you have a class to take lessons ?
Thank you for sharing such a precious time together .
For a long time , I could n't log in to [ Lang - 8 ]
Before we left , he found some time to talk with me .
Oh , Bummer . [ slang ]
I took away something inspirational from `` Meiji shrine ``
After drinking , I went to a club for the first time ! ( My friend took me thereX ) ) Dancing with music was so exciting .
Now it is raining and sometimes snowing in the central area of Tokyo .
In the end , my team won !
Recently , many Chinese people go to their family 's tomb for the annual Tomb Sweeping Day .
In body pump , we use dumbbells like attached picture .
Thai names are difficult to read , I guess .
The menu of the restaurant includes Sushi ! !
Sincerely ,
If we are very kind to the workers , they will like you and help you sometimes when you have to complete a difficult task .
So I ( decided that ) learn English every day , I ( believe ) that I will ( get success ) in ( June ) .
I came to Brisbane six weeks ago .
Last Sunday I went to Ayumi Hamasaki 's concert with my friends .
Of course I love the story , but I love the music more .
Because I want to lose some weight .
I love quiet songs that at some point get louder and you feel the greatness of the moment .
I have a cold for about one week already .
My personal computer was broken .
makes daily life slowdown ,
Before I travelled to Cambodia , I watched a Japanese movie treats children 's prostitution and human trafficking in Thailand .
But , this gyms exercising manual is very hard to me .
Suddenly , I realize the fall is passing me by .
but maybe I did not speak in English much because I could n't speak the language very well .
Unbelievable !
But I would want to enjoy it .
But the reason why I decided to learn it is to be healthier .
I 'm living in Hokkaido which is the northern most part of Japan like Alaska is in US , and I 've been studying English for 2 years .
It is hard to wait for trains at the cold station .
I just want to improve my speaking and writing skills in English .
There are thousands of photos in my HDDs , but there are few photos I was photographed .
The answer is so simple ,
I think they 'll become good singers !
but I typed the wrong word .
They are made from various ornament like pictures of babies , national flags from all over the world and all that .
Many people enjoy watching snow statues , but for Hokkaido people it seems to not be very interesting .
I want to go to Hitotubashi University .
I want to be like them .
I am Japanese .
Awake at 3 am
Today I 'll show you a photo of me playing guitar in my rock band .
that 's why I 'm studying English really hard ! ! !
I wonder why he was so angry . . .
I met a friend at a station who plays a sax .
He is just 7 months old .
He used his broad knowledge to find animals of the desert , observed them , and told us their characteristics with limited time .
Their journals were pretty interesting .
My family did n't say until I noticed it .
I attend a class to practice my oral English .
I learned that a diary is a notebook in which I write everyday special things .
We have a tea break before lunch time at about 11 : 00 .
Please look at my sentences and correct them .
I seek help and include , but these friends always have a distorted view about me .
The score was only 700 . . . or I got only 700
I 'll go to bed early to take some / a rest to adjust myself / my body for work .
I really want to get the football shirt of CSKA Moscow right now ! ! ! !
I do n't know how these questions came to my mind . Well , I was reading a personal development book , while I was reading I just realized how many things in my life should be organized and how some things need changing I was wondering if there are some parts of me that I ca n't change .
In the other hand , children do not learn missed language miss out on learning a language . In other word 's , they have not learned anything yet .
I 'll write a diary everyday ,
The playground was covered in grass .
They were so tasty ! ! ! !
On the 25th of July a big traditional festival is held in Osaka .
are [ / RED ] not usually used for a person 's name .
So I went ,
I do n't know what to say about that .
I enjoy what I 'm doing but I 'm standing at the crossroads of 2 different lives .
I practiced translating Japanese to English today .
My friend and I went to the barbecued beef bar .
but still , I sometimes wanna say `` fuck you very much ! `` to his face .
I realy enjoy writing in my journal and reading other people 's journals ( or entries ) .
In a footrace he finished last .
It was very fine this morning , so I aired out the Japanese - style futon .
I went toan Irish pub tonight with my friend .
This is the first english diary I 've written in my life . ( Wording suggestion )
Do you know what is TOEIC ?
The horns can extend more than 2m tip to tip .
They were so delicious ! !
lik outdoor sports like motocross and extreme sports , also like to go to the library often , and visit different countries .
I 'll have to do my best !
I think that talking with my friends will lift my spirits .
This is the first time I have heard `` Negative `` in that way .
hope that I can find some nice guys here to improve my english ! ! !
It lies in the middle of the city of Vancouver .
Yesterday , the error message below appeared on my iPhone .
So , healthcare providers should know the patient 's history and pay special attention to these reactions during operations .
It 's very good and I can buy it everywhere . everywhere or anywhere .
He was probably with some friends , but the glass of his car were tinted , so I could n't see the inside of his car .
Not just them , but also the teacher who was teaching that class .
I 'll introduce them little by little starting with tomorrow 's entry .
I was nine years old and studied in the fifth form of Russian Secondary School , in a small town .
I searched for examples of * compliant * , and many show * compliant with Something ( policy , rules , wish , etc ) *
I was so into it , only with a piece of square paper you can create anything !
When my dog was a puppy , he always made a mess in the rooms .
but my sister said I will get used to it after a while .
On a scale of 1 to 10 , I give 6 . 5 on sushi because it was a little salty , and I give 9 . 5 on Y2K
I hope Japanese premier minister wants to become a man like Obama .
He played in the play , A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
I remember you looked like the actress whose name was Kayoko . the actress named Kayoko
Actually , I feel I am able to communicate with people from other countries because my workplace is a youth hostel in an international city ( Kyoto ) so I have kind of got used to it .
After the musical , I was enjoying myself in a dinner party of about 40 people together .
So , I sat in front of the keyboard and made ( composed ) two songs .
Although my pocket money that I keep for myself is about 400 thousand Won a month ( My wife manages my salary and she gives me a pocket money ) , I spend big money .
This week I was less busy .
He said he had studied Education as his major for a long time .
I suppose that if you hear the phrase `` the human condition `` , you think of the essence of the human existence .
It was the first movie I watched without my parents .
that he was beingfollowed by a big setter dog .
It takes a lot of time to wait for the IT people / person to come and solve the problems .
Is it because it 's not fresh ?
Second , tour schedules are not flexible enough to cope with personal conditions and some emergencies .
Busy as I am is during this winter holiday ( I have endless homework ) , I will spend most of the day relaxing with my relatives and friends .
To my surprise , it was a double rainbow .
so , I decided to study English everyday .
Therefore , I forgot English .
But I have to go out to the grocery store to buy some food on foot or by bicycle .
Mom always loves and cares for her child .
While I am working , I go study and have exams .
My son turned two - and - a - half last month .
In Japanese `` Kaze `` is wind and `` Hana `` is flower .
When I was a junior high school student , I had an experience to sing this song with my classmates at a school concert .
I feel really sorry towards my dear friends at this beautiful moment of middle autumn festival
You would both feel comfortable .
I enjoy walking . `` I knew that in this case , it was only a mother being worried .
But in some way , I hope that having a good relationship with him would change him .
The ski terrain was magnificent , the mountain was very beautiful , the food was great , and the people were very kind .
The people around me also said that theman sitting on the ground is unreasonable .
If you review legends and poetry throughout history , you will find a proper definition for friendship ; you will understand people who tended to give / sacrifice their lives for their friends .
I expect him to act like a cool guy .
Yesterday I discovered some water on our kitchen floor around midnight .
Please someone check my writing .
I tell myself everyday to be patient with my pet to get along with him .
But the other day , I finished reading it in the bathroom .
Maybe this is just my slow way to enter the summer period of my learning = )
I borrowed some books that teach you how to clean your house .
Me gusta practicar tenis y la salsa .
I have n't written a diary entry for ages !
This homepage will help me a lot .
Both of them reached this match with a crushing victory over another team in the last match .
I took a training course and an examination for
Her work is sloppy , and she is slow getting the work done . . . .
A friend of mine had the party for his photo exhibition there and I was invited .
I 've never booked an encounter ( the lesson with the teacher ) at a time without `` war `` .
But I do n't have enough time to read them .
But the next morning , when I go to the kitchen and smell the aroma of
Many people were killed in the unexpected disaster .
Last month , I often went to Roppongi to drink the best whisky .
He used to do the cooking ,
Their shoes are comfortable .
Why am I so eager to improve my oral English ?
After writing here , I suddenly noticed that the title has nothing much to do
If I do not overcome , I will lose to my
I mixed steamed rice and marinated herring soup , then I put herring on top .
This is the 1st international trip for her family .
This morning , I went running with a walkman .
The weather was good .
Can / Do you believe that ?
My store has many goods .
I 'm from Mexico , BTW , but since I study literature , ( esp .
Today I will have my first homework by intruducing myself .
Ikuhara 's last role as an Anime director was 14 years ago ( Utena ) .
Those books are n't in the library at the university .
I 'll read it after writing today 's diary !
Then we went out for karaoke untill night .
But I did n't have any idea until now . . ! !
Half a year ago , I was dumped by someome .
I felt very awkward .
I saw a man who complained about the easy first section which he asked whether he could do again ! ! ! !
I think I will have a good time time tommorow .
although it was sunny in the morning .
Lately in Japan , lunch boxes like that are called Character lunch box ( people call it `` Character Bentou `` ) . It is very famous and popular especially for kids .
I think that what I have to do is throw away this laziness , poor self - justification , and thoughts of little accomplishment . Then recover confidence .
My favorite team , other than Japanese , is the Korean team .
He said fishermen need to be patient and
After three months , you will have a skinny and healthy body .
Of course the Singaporean government ca n't ignore public opinion .
Milk and eggs were able to be bought after a long time today .
I was given a watch by my girlfriend .
It was so bitter .
This is my second entry ( journal ? ) : P and I do n't know what to write about ! -
However , The company imposed bad conditions .
I left home to dorm at my school , so I feel very lonely . I miss my parents very much , but I wo n't tell them because they would worry about me .
( The use of ) hiragana and kanji enable the Japanese to read fast .
Is this a punk ?
Until last month the team had scored 8th place , which is the lowest rank in the korean baseball league .
This place has many trees , bushes , and benches .
He had children with both sisters .
The man answered `` I am entirely uninterested in such things . ``
I want to improve my English , so I hope someone can help me .
On that evening , when I was with the Chinese family , the lady gave us some pieces of watermelon , some dried fruits and green tea to drink ( green tea roots with hot water ) .
I hope I can speak well very soon .
Let 's protect our globe and future lives together .
For food ? For the blue sky ? Or for love ? Which am I living for ?
I had a good time because we talked about a system of studying English .
I doubt myself . So when I felt shaking , I do n't know if it is dizziness or not .
It was too hard for me to watch all of the scenes .
But I 'm going to teach tennis now .
The candidate from the winning party that has the most votes becomes the Prime Minister .
For example , the time I take to sleep is shorter .
hello Everybody , I 'm an active and outgoing person , and want to be friends with you !
She seems to be very sorry .
Squid is a Kyushu specialty . They call it Yobuko - Ika .
Why did the crowd appear ?
I celebrated Girl 's Day for my daughter yesterday .
I was disappointed about that game .
I 'm going to meet some friends this weekend and I 'll give it to one of them .
My senior co - worker asked me why I do n't have a girlfriend .
If the riot was because of stress and in protest against the police , I think it went too far .
An earthquake is dreadful but a tsunami is much more dreadful , I thought while watching TV .
especially the men 's team .
When I regained consciousness , I was covered in far too much sweat .
But I like design now .
You ca n't be a true Engineer if you do things in practice but you do n't know why you do this or that .
love sports and ing make friends .
We had a party in the evening .
Especially I love draft beer ( beer on tap or draft beer ) .
Once upon a time , there was a butcher looking from his shop 's window , when he saw a little dog entering it .
In the Danxia Mountain , there was a sea of people .
so I searched for information and found an English telephone conversation .
I am studying biology now .
When I see these pictures , I feel relaxed .
I hope there will be some people who can help to correct it .
But I have to admit that [ an even more scary / an even scarier ] attraction was `` Journey to the Center of the Earth `` .
He told me the logo is unpopular among Londoners .
She found my key ring !
so they study hard and achieve their goals .
We are absolutely not happy about this either .
We sat in chairs on the flooring .
SuddenlyHe said ,
I 'm looking forward to this coming winter .
I stayed my friend 's house and I come back to my room next day .
I hope they 'll have a good relationship .
These adult - only images may cause sadistic impulses which are definitely not suitable for teenagers .
I poked her just before because I was sure that she was a friend of mine . No comma .
Many boys and their parents came there .
I am really surprised , too .
I 'm not sure , but I think I saw a lot this ( ~ ~ s ' ) .
I met an SNS friend yesterday .
I have two dogs .
I love physical activities !
I really would love to become a good painter which is a dream that ca n't happen in Japan .
Hey dude !
If I had a dog .
TV broadcasted the movie `` Death Note `` .
I do n't want my facebook to look ugly : (
The puppets on the floats are called Karakuri Ningyo
This is my dream and purpose in life .
I hope I can say it fluently , I can only express so much .
Today I attended a university festival . That was being held in Nagoya University with a friend .
I walk outside 20 minutes a day .
Hello everyone on lang - 8 !
I completed the LA marathon a couple weeks ago !
Do you know any good way to improve speaking skill ?
After the surgery , her eyes watered because of the pain .
It 's Better for Me ? ? ?
Thunder was a terrific noise .
When I finished reading the book , I wanted to watch the movie , Forrest Gump .
She is a little bit paralyzed so it 's hard for her to walk quickly .
conditioner and short - time work , which means leaving the office early and
After that we went out for lunch and ate soba .
for me to do have a partime job , because they believe that I am too young to
I want to buy the thing in the picture above , but I do n't know what it 's called .
And when you finish using , cover your ipad to the keyboard , it turns your ipad to an apple notepad immediately !
So I still went to class .
I went yesterday , and was shocked to be told terrible things . . .
But it is hard to find them .
I ate spaghetti which I got take - out near my home yesterday .
My first objective is to keep on writing in English every day !
To top it of , the consecutive rainy days deteriorate the weather , making us physically feel chiller than the bone - dry cold days .
After seeing an entry in Greek I thought Greek must be very different from Latin languages !
That was a huge earthquake !
I would like to know about the number of students in each class and how many hours a day the classes last .
Tomorrow is my boss 's birthday .
It was a fine day today , so I washed my car . It has been almost a month since I last washed it .
Yesterday , I started running again at last .
But I have never seen him speak Chinese . : ) Another friend is good at speaking English .
It was really hot but after that , I felt refreshed !
But I do n't know how to finish it .
I heard `` I know you want it but you do n't want it that badly . ``
It sometimes happens to me .
So , I bought a book cover made from cloth and paper .
so some of my English grammars are n't polished yet .
I like to search for bakeries near my house by bicycle .
The girl 's name is `` Hime `` , which means `` princess `` in Japanese .
If you live in an urban area , your neighbors may be only the people who live in your apartment , and your neighborhood is quite small .
It rained so heavily so my toes were soaked .
deliver : I need to deliver this gift box to my aunt .
My daughter and wife are quarreling now .
So my two - year old son can play in the river .
Are you okay ?
I have get an Airplane ticket to London !
The answer of all of the students was / All the students anwered `` Iraq `` , because of the Iraq War .
So now the amount of my knowledge is the same as that of a high school students ' .
For example , I 've donated a lot of books to the local district library .
My coworker , who has been working with us for five years , is quitting his job .
He has been using facebook already .
There were lines of people at the place pretty far from the city .
We used an instant thing to make special rice for the sushi .
It was very good , so I feel happy !
Sometimes there are foreigners who have funny Kanji tattoos .
I would like to tell you about an imaginary situation .
Ichiro is the most popular player .
I watched the guy carefully , and felt Elain watch me from behind my back .
in a big merry voice .
( or with your finger , if you prefer ) .
When I was an infant , I used to see them a lot .
I had written a short essay this morning . Then programmed some code of C .
Recently , I am learning how to make the grind coffee .
Ryuhaku lives in Sagamihara , but he came to visit Hashimoto ^ - ^
So I 'm out of work .
Because , my English skill is not good enough .
The business which I own is also made possible by the Internet .
It was gathered by my little devil on the way ( home ? ) from the kindergarten .
It was windy but a little humid in the afternoon .
By the way , ( comma ) now I 'm very anxious about my future .
The second man in black was from Spain .
Bella bought toilet paper ,
Obon is one of the biggest reunion holidays in Japan the same as New Years holiday .
I think I had a good year .
Without a partner , I guess ballroom dancing is quite hard . . .
What to say in a business letter ?
I went to a movie theater to watch John Woo 's `` Red Cliff `` .
I 'll be writing my autobiographytonight .
Yesterday after work , my father and I ate miso soup before going to the hospital and coming home .
What do you think happened ?
However , if machines are not used , we can get the jobs and earn money .
However , the developed world should support actions to reduce poverty .
The first time ( and the last time ) I got in there , I was barked at by an old man , `` What are you doing ! ? `` .
I 'm very bored . . .
Smart phone
He uses an apparatus to help him walk .
I have the impression that Queen 's English is likely to use more difficult words and to try to write in an elegant way while American English prefers simple words to make clear the point .
Last week , I went with my friend to a grocery store near my university to buy ingredients for cooking .
That is , when I did n't was n't asking natives ,
There are lots of things that I want to do !
I never learn , do I ?
I want to be in the best condition I can .
She understood what I said and she refunded me .
Wu Zhiyuan , who I think is a very good teacher with a lot of humour and energy . However , I mistook the timetable , so when Mr .
Tomorrow , our class will have a BBQ .
This paper sets Xinmao Plastic Co . , LTD , Dongguan as an example , and finds some problems existing in the recruitment system of manufacturing enterprises .
For my vacation last year I stayed in New Zealand for three months .
V : Look ! Like this , I feel pain in my shoulder ( pointing at his shoulder ) , I feel pain in my head ( pointing at his head ) , I feel pain in my leg ( pointing at his leg ) .
because my friends want to learn English for when they go to the U .
but he never corrected it ( or his mistakes ) .
there is a similar festival in Japan .
4 , There are many people with a similar name to me in Japan .
The relationship between two people can be very complex .
but hers was also delicious .
I 'm trying to write itin the third person .
But now he came to Tokyo for business .
When I got home , I turned my computer on to listen to his songs and watch his music videos .
The reason why I decided on the name `` chorus `` is
I think where there is a risk to lose their life in their work , it shows that they do not only work for money .
I chose Japanese at the beginning of our term .
I wish for world peace without horrible murders like this , disasters and all bad matters ! .
Please , help me learn English and I will help you to learn Russian . : )
I was tired , because I took over the job .
When I was child , I watched it on TV .
Children 's songs are in my memory .
note : Emile Ratelband is a very hyper motivational trainer , who always yells ' ' Tsjaka ! ' ' .
I want to learn English .
However , my lowest score was reading and my highest one was listening .
The movie was about the end of the world caused by the sun 's radiation .
I 've learned the recent financial crisis is also related to Civil law .
Furthermore , big cities have more opportunities to find good houses or apartments to live in .
Actually , I accidentally entered this department .
and upgrading to level 2 and learning calligraphy .
England has a lot of famous shoe shop brands .
And the vocabulary is so , too .
When I was kid , I guess I could draw something from my mind .
I got back home about 2 hours ago , and I 'm so tired .
Yesterday , two Japanese got Nobel prize in chemistry .
`` how about if we ca n't find a job again after we finish our traveling ? `` `` how about if you can not find a better job next time ? `` To be honest , I am the one who is more anxious .
When we have lunch at the office , one woman had tuna flying out of her mouth because she could n't stop gossiping about everything !
Many Japanese companies conduct it .
But , every year , by the end of summer , I always feel a bit lonely : - ( lol
We ate some food made with coconut .
I do n't want to do anything today . . .
I 'm planning to go for a trip from Saitama to Nagano by bike with my friends .
Anyway I 'm having an English exam at ( my ) university on Thursday .
It has a function to help make lasting friendships through life .
I also did n't like it .
I bought an IPhone4 two weeks ago and said good - by to my previous cell - phone carrier , Docomo .
I think I can use this program as an English study tool .
It takes a long time to learn English .
I was the only one who played the bass .
The number convinced me that if I grow fat I will get sick .
I woke up with many tissues around me ! lol
But I had to come back to Korea after 4 month because of revolution in Tunisia .
It is 10 minute drive from my house .
We thought cicadas only appeared during the night .
Finally , the New Sky Train line have been completed in Vancouver .
This torii is not buried in under the seabed , but it just stood stands on the seabed .
It felt very good to sweat while exercising .
For instance , when I watched South Park , which is a famous American anime , there are many words that I ca n't distinguish .
In this case , the assailant might not have expected that the victim survive .
It may not be about strictly mathematics .
Tear the lettuce into bite - size pieces .
and we light it up .
Of course Everyone had to ask me the result when I came back .
Now I have duties .
I asked my landlady about net cafes and a computer , then she allowed me to use her computer until I buy my PC .
I think that the quality of the Japanese comic is the best in the world .
Hello , everyone !
Secondly , Gyudon is very delicious !
That means that even if we overcame our internal - prison that is like discipline with our power of freedom , we would still be forced to overcome a smaller discipline with a bigger discipline .
They matched very well .
If the Blu - ray Disc is put out on the market , I will buy it .
You might be surprised when you hear this question .
I 'm going to be joining RubyKaigi2011 .
They really want to speak English because they like hollywood movies .
I especially love the character Seth Cohen .
Unfortunately it was cloudy and windy . The heavy wind made the sea rough . . .
I 'm afraid about how I could escape with my baby if my husband were not here when a huge earthquake happens next time .
As a child - care worker , I need to offer a comfortable , clean , warm environment for the children .
But I have to pass the school exam which includes an interviw and resume before IELTS .
She also likes natural foods such as sweet potato , pumpkin ,
But thanks to the disconnection of the internet , it took 2 hours to do so ! !
The song is `` I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing `` .
However , since my office and projects were seriously damaged , I struggled with the aftermath at work after I got back to Osaka .
Because my holiday is only for the weekend .
Its petal has a very cute shape : heart .
I had to write in English when I sent and received emails .
Please make me a ghost so that I may have revenge .
But I had forgotten how to order .
I was embarrassed and called my mom so she would bring me my uniform pants .
So I did n't prepare for fill - in - the - blank questions > < I did fill in the blanks but I 'm not sure at all that I wrote the right answers .
After you roasted meat , you need to fill in it with wine so that there are only small hillocks of meat and then you have to extinguish it on the slow fire .
People 's nostalgic memories of their first loves
I enjoy studying all the languages I 'm currently studying , but French is really killing me right now , and I ca n't quit because I 'm extremely responsible and I 'd feel guilty , since I 'm almost two months away from leaving my country for a year ( I wo n't study French in Germany )
Then , if you were lucky , you can take a walk with dogs or stay at the dogs room to play with them ! ^ ^
Today , I went to a medical seminar ,
I believe many Chinese like me , watch the Rockets during their free time .
I sent you a sweeeet present !
I went to the gym room and saw all kinds of people who were fat or thin or have lots muscle doing exercises .
It was good for me .
Unfortunately , all the rooms were full .
I will be glad to be either one .
I have a small field near my house .
It 's just unbelievable ! ! !
I study English so I can one day realize my dream .
Then I sat in front of an automatic slot machine and put in 20 bucks .
I spent a month in Japan and I decided to travel for the rest of my vacation .
If a man does not have any of these three things , this guy ca n't find a girlfriend , and ca n't have sex with any women .
On the first day , I got up early .
Nowadays , almost all science and technology is written in English ,
Recently I 'm making an effort to become more beautiful .
It was a website of an American university .
The book is called `` Pulse and Fourier Transform NMR `` , it is written by FARRAR and BECKER .
A - rod 's unexpected 2 - run blast tied the game by 3 - 3 at bottom of the ninth inning , which made concerned NY fans revive and get into a crazy and lead , causing the game to go into an extra inning .
I had to takecare of my daughter .
I 'm poor because I recently bought a mobile phone .
November 11th is Pepero day which is kind of a holiday in South Korea .
My brother told me he knew a site where I can learn English with real people from the USA or the UK .
Currently , the incidence of crimes ( crime rate ) is hovering at a high level , so it is essential to set up a punishment system to combat those crimes .
I worked at an industrial plant .
I have never thought she would leave for U .
It will be an exciting match .
Thomas has already told you that my son , Joshua , has a learning disability ( LD . )
Recently I feel sleepy after eating meals .
I work for a company in Japan where executives are from other countries .
Well I rented 2 more movies from a shop I usually go
In my country it is facebook .
I 'd like to talk to people without worrying about nationality .
Thus , I had better learn as many meals as I can .
I found out I need to increase my reading speed to adapt to the time length of the exam time scale .
We have recovered from crises many times .
I think that I have definitely reduced my English capability level
As I am Chinese , are there any people who want to be friends with me ?
Do you know the TV drama called `` Supernatural `` ? ?
667890 six hundred sixty - seven thousand eight hundred ninety
They are Japanese traditional greeting cards .
In addition , there are more people who did n't succeed like them .
I feel it 's some kind of Pandora 's Box for me !
I 'm a sophomore .
Shopping was good .
However , I will work harder and harder .
Recently , North Korea leader Kim Jong II visited my hometown in the northeast of China , and met with Chairman Hu , who was on his vacation there .
From now on , I must practice how to use it .
Unfortunately , I did n't get an A , but a B .
So , I am going to write a diary about a thing that I did yesterday .
But my feelings are perplexed and hard to express .
At the end of June , we are going to get our bonus .
So , my next target for pronunciation correction is `` club `` and `` crab `` until I can get the correct pronunciation of the type of sandwiches I want .
Moreover , when I am watching movies with a friend , I always sit right of him .
Shanghai had a lot of rain for a few days .
The book which I have chosen to study was compiled by an English author
When I finished my run , I was completely exhausted .
tremendous damage from the earthquake in Japan .
One of those typical boring days
especially after all the price x 5 . 5 .
March will start tomorrow .
I decided to go back earlier and changed my reservation of the return trip .
I hope I can find someone to help me in this area .
I 've been to Japan once ( and it was a - w - e - s - o - m - e ! ! ) and I 'd like to go back some day .
I ran away from him .
It is very enjoyable .
Through a sampling party , I ate a piece of pizza yesterday .
He took as many as 8 shots but unfortunately could n't score any goals .
On Saturday or Sunday , I sometimes go to bookstores to read or go to performances such as a concerts .
Exactly ten years ago today , a horrible thing happened very near from my residence .
However , with the development of discussion bring great humour to our education . Just a typo right ?
Have wonderful dreams , everyone : )
Change jobs to collect more experience and to learn more and , of course , to earn more money . ( actually , I did )
So when I think about if I really want to work abroad , what to learn makes a big difference .
I really realize that I 'm very happy to have a house to live in and food to eat .
Finally , obesity is given as an example of the harmful effects of candy , soft drinks and so on .
I wrote about the Obi festival in my previous diary entry .
My interests are reading , jogging and music or sometimes sleeping .
I hate if someone lie to me , too .
He 's practiced very much .
I regret taking so many classes this month . . .
I think I should tie back my hair untill it is long enoughto change .
The weather is very hot outside .
But sometimes we do n't care about a person actually in front of us .
, I strongly believe that foreign tourists should be charged more to visit cultural and historical attractions .
Hungry at midnight
I hope many people survive .
does erratic mean really bad , harmful ?
In Hongkong city , we took the subway and ate Yamcha .
I love this work , but soon I will leave it .
When I saw this movie , I thought it was dangerous for the car to be flying through the sky !
Japanese people are strict with time .
If you are happier than before for what you have got , then I can say that you are a better person .
Nowadays I work in the strawberry farm and after the work I go for fishing or go tosomewhere else .
It is said that ancestors come home during the Obon .
But GPS was invented for the army at first .
Two Japanese men have made their wives cry .
I can hardly understand the American accent clearly .
Then I had muscle ache .
and was moved and I cried a little .
The first movie was `` Pale Rider `` by Clint Eastwood .
The most prominent representatives of existentialism , whose founders were the Russian philosophers Berdyaev and Shestov , were the German thinkers - Martin Heidegger and Karl Jaspers , the French ones - Jean - Paul Sartre and Albert Camus , and the Spanish one - Juan Ortega y Gasset .
We hugged each other .
I ca n't speak any French . . . . .
Will that problem really be mitigated after they get married ?
and they do n't sing only about love .
I call that the donut phenomenon .
I 've never felt happier !
So I am very sad .
When the new good friend came , they left the cafeteria .
`` Since British people developed new life styles in the Industrial Revolution , their current life styles are advanced , are n't they ? `` my Vietnamese friend said . haha
I 'm so relieved , I 'm really sleepy now .
but please do n't misunderstand .
At first the meeting time was about 1pm , but it was changed to 7 pm and because I was n't notified about it , I went to the theater at 1pm and had to return at 7pm .
but I have been too lazy .
So , it was a great privilege for me to be there and I was also very happy to see that the two of them looked like the happiest couple in the world !
Hope it wo n't affect the north again . . . ! ! ! ! !
into practice to reduce medical expense .
I 'd rather meet and talk with her than watch a movie .
Cats are capable of hiding their claws , and so are the other cat - like animals such as lions and tigers .
The movie was very exciting and good .
But as times go on , there arises some disagreements between my mum and I . I 'm a college student on vacation and I want to study because I must take an exam in the later term .
It is a South African girl who is very hungry and thin , she finds water or food in the wild , but she ca n't take any steps because of loss of physical strength .
By the way , speaking of changing jobs ,
Hi , all .
Grandma made me human and Father made me a person .
Working at Google has been my dream workplace because is a cool company with so much creativity and innovation .
One of my friends suffers from depression .
Secondly , there might be a need for special equipment to help them .
For these reasons , I prefer using machines more than doing work by hand . ( 268 )
I will study the most basic topics of being a member of society at first .
These stories are so gorgeous and moving that many times I could n't help crying .
I slept too much , but I think it 's good and I also need a lot of sleep sometimes .
I went there yesterday too .
I think that english is a very hard subject ,
It means I am now 34 kilogrammes !
This is my first time searching this website , I am so excited and I hope that we can become friends .
I Have A Dream ,
It told a story about a boy and a man .
Tell a lie .
There were many dogs because there was a pet shop , too .
Japanese prefer indirect eye contact .
I think she is very capable and I trust her ability .
The main reason for trash pollution is to deal with the garbage .
I do n't think my English writing is very good .
A typhoon is coming to Japan .
Because I had to wonder that nobody would trust such a prime minister who has no practical ideas of electricity supply instead of using nuclear plants .
The new semester started today !
What is a delicious meal in your country ? Teach me , pleeeeease ^ ^
It takes me two hours to go to my college by train .
I picked up a Finnish whisky and a cheap white wine .
I reckon Japanese have narrow minds so we rarely admit to something exotic .
I was glad to meet Hoa .
I was a bit off key when I was singing .
After my breakfast , I came back and sat on the bed . Sleepiness came over me .
But I did n't go because she and I both forgot .
The prior president of Korea committed suicide this morning .
Some are profiteers , their approach to the world is to get their own way .
I do n't know what to tell them , because everything there is special and incredible !
I think this is different from English speaking countries , right ?
When a shopping mall is constructed , I will not have to make a long journey to and from a shopping area like I do now .
My job is to be a clerk in a convenience store .
It 's common here , I think , that men tend to marry women who are young like around 25 or even younger .
But it was not so .
When I went to the cleaner 's recently , there were beautiful flowers with well matched
Wife : I better go and let him in .
I sometimes make mistakes when I write English .
In other words , we have n't cleaned properly .
It became very popular not only for families but also for motorcyclists .
One of my colleagues said that if the suspicions and misunderstandings about the conflict become amplified , a war will inevitably happen and our country might be dismembered into several small countries . If that is the case , I will have to apply for a passport when I go back to my hometown ( which is far from my workplace . . . )
Seiko Noda , a member of parliament , gave birth to a baby through in vitro fertilization using donated eggs from another woman .
I have never eaten a sandwich there and wanted to eat one .
Many people in Tokyo would die in the lovely prutonium and neutron .
Thank you for reading .
I hate taking airplanes .
Is it inexpensive ?
That city was Shizuoka city .
I like it because it creates a very complicated psychological warfare .
Then I had to go to work .
The road was like a river .
After the easy explanation , the participants had divided into groups .
My favorite time of spring is ending .
However , I had a lot of failures .
It had been placed in front of me for couple of days .
Finally , we could go back to home .
She 's always been planning to go abroad , and after the winter semester she 'll get to experience another culture .
The residents who are living on first floor sometimes complain to us .
I 'm reading a children 's English book .
The day before yesterday , I slept in bed while wearing summer nightclothes without the covers .
A young person who is 23 years old lives in the Henan province in China .
The tree has persimmons every year .
I 'll have sushi for lunch and udon for dinner tomorrow and today .
I love English , but when I went in university , I seldom read English or even watched English movies with English subtitles .
I couldn ` t write an article in English well ! !
Our class numbers will be published .
I hope I can do it well and get a good grade .
Well , I started doing it this morning .
My new item
We did nothing else !
The beach water is incredibly transparent without anygarbage or turbidity .
But now ,
I have some dreams .
And I 'll try my best to improve my English dramatically within three months .
That 's the moment of truth when I really felt that Aikido , one of the traditional martial arts of Japan , had become a widely accepted internationalized martial art in the world .
I read a news article on the internet a few days ago that said a few officials had abused a cook and a waitress .
Every time I speak to them , I become nervous .
The union insists that bonuses should be considered part of the wages that employees need to live on , while the company position is that only wages should be considered for living expenses and that bonuses should be considered as extra pay .
I try to practice about five dictaitions every day .
I want to apologize
I want to say thanks to her .
Apropos , this Thursday , the French circus is coming to our city .
I think they enjoyed listening to ocarina music .
We have long summer vacation , from the last end of this month to until September .
I mainly like to speaking English
At first I did n't know what was good , so I just followed the waiter 's recommendation .
I should hear your opinions , in order to understand you .
My hometown has more a bigger population than Cagary .
And we made some bread .
Both of these teams have Japanese player 's .
It 's been freakishly cold here since yesterday , as if winter has already come , literally out of the blue !
After that , I ate an egg tart at a bakery .
I printed it out many times and cut it into each room , but I still could n't solve it .
Last Saturday my two sons ' elementary school held a sports meeting that is held in the fall every year .
About Having an Affair with Another Person
I especially like his song , `` Let 's Go `` .
maybe one day I 'll lose weight
Well , reading and listening levels are great .
it was fun .
I 've been chatting with them for over one year now .
Shopping at Yokohama
There are many rules that even the people who always play tennis do n't know .
Today I have lots of work to do . I have to prepare a report for my boss and also do some house decorating .
In Sasebo , I ate a Lemon Steak .
Nowadays , since Kaiten - Zushi are spreaded all over Japan , we can eat Nigiri - Zushi at a reasonable price .
Today , I went to a convenience store to pay for a `` Whiteday gift `` .
the national holiday ended .
I want to be able type quickly .
Recently , I noticed the fact that most Australians have bad handwriting .
I 've been enjoying taking care of the ducks although it has been the first time because they are really cute .
Today , we will head out of Bnagkok .
I will write about Adobe Creative Suite 5 .
The room inside was spacious and relaxing .
I like to listen to various types of music .
A great number of Internet - related companies were found in Silicon Valley .
About Lang - 8 's Function
If you live in Shanghai , Beijing or another big city , you might have the feeling that the fast pace of life and heavy burden of work is stressful .
Japanese food is very healthy .
Tomorrow I 'll go to a movie .
I realized that I confuse `` for `` with `` to `` sometimes .
But I do n't think quitting means taking responsibility .
I will be able to have Paradise time in February too .
What 's more , I want some American or British friends , but it 's difficult to meet Americans or British here .
In this one trip I visited Chichu museum , Benesse house ( It is also a museum ) , and six artworks of art house project .
My mum said , I love dogs , so I 'm not afraid of them .
I hope I wo n't over sleep tomorrow .
However , she has n't replied yet although / even though I sent the email about 2 weeks ago .
Memorizing some favorite types of grape is probably the first thing I should do .
For better or worse , I think that it 's very Japanese .
The examination starts soon .
The movie was not bad , but difficult for me to understand how Stockbrokers make deals on Wall Street .
After lunch we strolled along a small streat .
When it rains , I ca n't take my tennis lesson and practice more .
These pictures are of a Rakugo program that I heard the other day .
and I have become friends with some of them .
The teachers are gentle and nice . ( spelling errors )
I was really unhappy !
I was a mechanical technician in the past 3 years .
I went to an English conversation school last night .
However , my parents does n't play in the water park so luckily , our family received it .
I have to do rehabilitation now .
My msn username is brookin2010 @ hotmail .
I could keep concentrating to read these subs for about 30 minutes .
Most people want to rely on something .
I heard their song `` Photograph `` on the radio a few years ago .
I have n't decided yet what my dream is .
Because , they usually drink at night .
sometime / Someday , my picture book to / will be displayed there . . .
my diary is written here . . .
She has always taken care of my daughter .
Because one of us left to Tochigi for a training program , three of us could come .
The most laughed at sentence was this next sentence .
I was lazy to write any entries in Lang - 8 .
At the hotel there were some people in same situation as me .
I also fought with her a month ago .
10 years ago , I strained a knee ligament during a futsal game , and it took half a year to heal completely .
So I went to play tennis .
I want to make friends from all over the world .
Every professors ' main priority ey is to improve the quality of their classes .
He is in his senior year in junior high school .
When I read their diaries , I 'm always surprise because their Japanese is very good .
Drinking tea has a special place in our lives .
What the worse is , is I do n't have time to train for my next Marathon in the beginning of next year .
I started to listen to the VOA standard English .
It 's difficult to remember English grammar .
My vacation was very full on ! ! !
I sometimes think of my future .
Yes , I am supposed to be having a holiday , but sometimes I need to come back to work according to the schedule .
We hope that both kids can continue to keep their friends .
I watched before going to sleep and after waking up ; without doing chores .
afraid that I usually use my computer instand of the TV when I watch some
It was really fun for me !
I waited for a long time to see a doctor so I was very tired and bored .
Is this a hangover ?
But for several years , he did n't feel pain .
The book is like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend
My determinaion for 2011 is lose weight .
People go back to their hometown , and worship their ancestors .
I turned 23 years old .
I will practice the procedure over and over again .
That was a really fantastic sky , and the air was so fresh .
After I have improved my reading skills , I want to try to read `` The Dragons of Pern `` series .
Today , I went to the hospital .
I also thought about this theme , which was difficult .
Somebody help me have a meal , please .
I 'm a 43 year old woman from Norway who needs to practise my English writing .
I often look up at the night sky and enjoy the stars in my hometown .
The kid , who was on a vacation , went to the vending machine and inserted a dollar into the machine , but he failed to get a doll which he wanted .
Children , in other people 's eyes , should be given more time to enjoy their childhood and what they are interested in .
I wish to read all the story at one go .
I love them all .
I met a lot of friends of mine there .
Perhaps I should solve this problem with trial by error . r .
`` You kidding , hon . `` A middle - aged man said .
I 'm so sad this system is in Japan .
The university is the most famous shool in Shanghai .
On the other hand , I would like to fill my bank account with euros .
I had a TOEIC test today .
When I went back to Japan , I cried bitterly because I did n't want to part from my host family .
So Japanese dictators keep ruling Japan , most Japanese people are brainwashed by the government and , oh , I forgot to say the important fact that the name of country is not Japan , it is `` the East Asian Empire `` in this novel .
It was such a big vibration .
I 'm glad to join Lang - 8 ! ! ! I hope I can make some firends here .
I watched it by myself but I should have been with somebody .
The festival .
when I look in a dictionary it only says the basic usage that I already know , but still I run into certain situations using the article !
I 'll follow the doctor 's way 's to change my habits .
but it was the best performance I had ever seen .
Then I told him that the next train would take him to the destination .
Once I studied English grammar books or something else , but I realized that I like reading books more than grammar books .
I am going to take a bath and play PSP .
A lot of Japanese females carry a parasol .
Usually by looking at an English magazine or some grammar textbooks .
I will be sleepy when I 'm leaving .
this morning I met my chinese friend to go to a exhibition .
Anyway , tommorrow is the final match !
I have to read a book about Japanese English written by an American , Mark Petersen , who is a professor of Meiji University .
Despite our cruel history , they are still considered our best friends .
Recently , I 've heard from my friend that it 's delicious , so I 'll try it .
Another teacher who came from an English speaking country ( maybe the U .
For use with my diet and exercise program .
I can explain what I want to say , but my expressions do not sound natural to native speakers .
I can endure the cold in winter .
I mean it 'll be great if it wo n't cost me much money , because I do n't really want to burden my parents with the rent
In the exam , I will be required to write a business letter or an e - mail to an imaginary friend .
I hope this helps you a little .
As the California State Capitol and Old Sacramento are only places we wanted to visit , after we visited there , we drove back home .
He has aspirations to lose weight and improve his English .
As it 's Valentine 's Day near that day , we will make a chocolate cake for them .
But I may come to like it if it is the same as the movie .
if you have such a great aversion to this forum , why are you still online everyday ?
But I don ` t really like to study . ; - (
I really love this movie !
Even though I can also help someone that I do n't know with corrections ofmy native language .
My friend who lives in France said they have had heavy snow ; more than usual this year . She has been able to ski from October .
I think there are discussions with opinions both for and against , because many people in the world believe in the effectiveness of certain alternative medicines and this book denied most of it .
With Saudi Arabia 's will to increase petroleum production , aimed at stemming unrest in the market , the price of oil will easily get back on track .
I heard it 's because of typhoon No . 12 .
I was looking forward to seeing the movie all the time .
I think I have to enjoy my remaining time ! ! !
This will be our first baby .
So I am thinking it would be more efficient if this company focused on instilling love for the company in our minds .
( I usually put it by my bedside as an alarm clock . ) The text was from my boss and said happy new year .
I do n't like British food .
I usually hear this when during a storm .
she said `` Yes .
I get bored staying home .
But , I do n't like English class because , I ca n't study English : (
Perhaps there 's no way to happiness ; instead , happiness itself is a long way to go along .
Unfortunately , shooting deer was illegal , so they chased him . He killed one of those guards , but he managed to escape from them , and he became a outlaw . . .
OK , Journal . . .
And I 'll never cry at work . > <
I - bought 2500JPY ( about - 25 $ ) worth of groceries
Is n't it such a funny game , huh ?
Please correct my sentences !
My drawing is totally different from my mental image .
Today I must get up at 06 . 00 a . m . but it 's already 3 . 00 a . m . and I have n't slept at all yet .
This made me nervous . Why ?
I often write a dairy about work , studying english , internet and more .
I saw that they wipe the kitchen counter with a sponge .
UGH !
When I watch a movie the next time , I will go there at the last screening
I am wondering if I could move smoothly as what my instructor says .
Still , I want to continue .
I want send him a reply as soon as possible , but my English teacher was absent today > < ;
jumping beautifully and so on .
Next year , after the Chinese New Year , I will go to a language school in Britain for about half a year .
And I it was good to chat with them .
A lot of rescue workers work day and night to rescue the victims .
please , do n't bad - mouth my picture .
We left my house at 2 : 00 in the morning .
On the other hand , that could happen anywhere in world .
I have a lot of questions about English words . ( maybe bad meanings )
I will appereciate it if you check my answer .
I 'm now living in Naka - Meguro .
B : Thank you , I 'm just looking for now .
I jogged back home from work under the harvest moon that was shining very brightly and beautifully .
`` earthquakes , thunder , fires , fathers ``
I 'm leaving in an hour to take an exam .
I 'm not good at English and Technology .
They try to give us their own concepts and persuade us to buy things that we do n't really need .
After the negotiation , we reach the middle price
And we bought a birthday cake .
So that 's all for today 's diary ~
For example , shark ` s heart ( sliced low ) .
However , I read an article which stated that the observation deck 's prices are similar to other observation decks if you divide the prices by height .
And I would never forget a word that I have learned , including the spelling .
As I wrote the article , I felt interested in writing essays so my dream changed to becoming a writer .
Game music can have a great effect on the player .
It was my first time after a four month interval , so I was nervous .
I hope the answer is yes , but there are no clues for that .
I 'm worried about if it 's good or not .
It has become cooler and cooler in Japan .
Classes tend not o work , because students are lazy and teachers neither know how to teach nor how to learn a language .
With the platform , you can correct mistakes in people 's articles , give them your advice , to help foreigners to study your native language , while you could get a good feeling by helping others and get help from other friendly people .
I want to learn to speak English !
It allows you to chat with a friend even though you
And Happy Easter everyone !
These days I 'm interested in French .
Today I went to a travel agency to collect a document about a trip for our club activity .
There is also many shops or playing parks .
I want to go home but it is raining .
I have been taking an English class for about 1year .
It has good atmosphere and the bread is tasty .
She has n't adapted to her job or the people around her so she is nervous .
If you have any interest , please listen to My lonely town :
I 've never been to Germany , I want to go there someday .
Even Japanese tend to forget Kanji day by day because we use a PC .
So , I should have kept a diary every day .
I want to speak both Japanese and English .
And the people in line after me use the empty basket after I pay .
Marie Curie is well known as a great scientist who was awarded Nobel prize twice , but the story of her childhood is hardly known .
This Is It !
Many famous people that I knew have died in 2009 .
I feel Christmas is coming , seeing people who have
Nao : are you sure .
It was really great to meet them , simply because , it reminded me of several wonderful memories of the time I met them .
She is studying Japanese .
I had to wait for an hour T _ T
Passive : I was given a present by her yesterday .
I 'm sophomore a at Kyouto Notredame university in Japan .
Actually , she received two offers because of her experiences and the scores she got in the GRE and TOEFL but both schools did not offer enough scholarship .
At that time I was a middle school student .
I wish that this new year would be a happy one !
So I went home earlier and took some medicine .
One could save time by using public transportation , because private transportation , such as cars , need more time to find a parking space .
I love the designer brands like `` Dsquared `` and `` D & G `` .
This diary is a continuation of the first part .
He likes baseball and often watches baseball games on TV .
I did n't take pictures today ,
Finally , I 'm about to there .
Yesterday , after a ridiculous class in which we talked about what a second grade student can teach ( us ) about leadership , I tried to go home .
It is also related to the recent jump in food prices .
I want to get it wrapped and get tied up with a ribbon .
Now , I 'm home and feeling so tired .
One of the foreigners lives in a nice apartment in the expensive area Azabu .
Giving them a rest is the only way to relieve the pain .
There were times when I could n't talk to classmates and wondered if I could n't make any good friends for good .
My friend , Jun , is suffering from a vehicle accident .
I thought `` I want to bake a cake `` .
Next exam I must get a good grade !
Today is very hot day in May .
I 've been remembering a lot of things lately and this year was a happy one for me .
On another note , I met my friend on the bus this morning .
By comparison , I think it is easy to form my own learning plan because I know my own habits well .
Soo today I write something in English .
The day before yesterday , my boss invited all the staff to a buffet lunch at the Gold Coast Hotel .
I like KREVA , a singer in Japan .
So , I went back home , but my daughter said ,
If you have not seen it , I will really reccomend it .
Fortunately I won 2 races out of 6 .
I ate two sausages and went to sleep , then woke up again at 9 : 25am
I have no Skype now .
I noticed I had sometimes spoken strange English .
Now I am on school vacation .
She was around me before I knew it .
But he is not gay , he 's just a nice guy .
to realize how hard I should be studying ,
Ever since then , he has wanted to go to the museum in China .
Of course we do in Japan !
My first hint was , in fact , the medicine that I received from my doctor .
Recently I have studied English at an English website .
He was exceptionally talented at dancing .
Then came the morning , when the alarm clock sounded .
I am going to Xanterra South Rim on June 29th .
This is the first time I have written a diary on this site .
People could come and listen to Sting for free .
The rest of souvenirs that I have to prepare are for my family .
However , you can imagine getting along with AKB48 .
But our American friends could n't feel her feelings ( of course they ca n't understand Japanese ) .
so I am planning to study every day .
If I go to a gym , I need several minutes to get there , to change clothes , and to take a shower after exercising .
I will take a revenge next month .
First of all , I would like to say that I 'm teaching Japanese at a company in Korea .
Hi , everyone !
On TV I have seen a theme park in China showing off the copied characters such as Disney characters , Doraemon and Elmo etc playing around , which are obviously similar to the originals but look a bit different .
However , I 've been feeling super cold since last night , despite the temperature outside being high .
Of course I have `` Dragon Ball `` and many other famous cartoons .
That 's why I can see how much success he has had .
If I did n't write to ask the reason that I failed , I would have been in a very bad mood for the third one .
The frog I made did n't jump well because the paper was thick and heavy .
The other day , I went to the Kyushu National Museum in Fukuoka , Japan , and I saw `` the national treasure Asura `` .
I Like to Have the Ponytail on the Side
There was a book which caught my eye
However , after she turned 7 years old , she has tended to spend most of the time sleeping .
I have heard speeches from such famous people as Bill Clinton , Al Gore and Joseph E .
Then put fruit juice and sugar on a pan and light the gas cooker .
In these days ( Tuesday ) , I had a lot of problems .
I am a junior at university .
He used to live in a very miserable house with my poor sister , who had a crush on a gang star and left home when she was 16 .
Why does this company want employees ?
So , I will study English a lot on `` Lang - 8 , `` until tomorrow !
I watched the DVD Full House , to help me study English .
I Went to Yokohama .
Thank you .
The train was late , so I did n't get to school on time .
I have been going to a prep school for a week .
Tomorrow , I 'll take Lessons for 5 hours .
However , my friends told me it 's really yummy and sweet .
I had already heard that no one brings musical instruments or sings songs to cheer their favorite baseball team , but I did n't know that vendors threw snacks like peanuts or ice cream .
I walked along the river near the my house .
I said ,
Chinese people set this special day to remember and honor their ancestors .
Please teach me English
They told us to come back in 2 hours ,
I went to KARAOKE yesterday because the Freshmen party was held by the one of the freshmen in the university which I will go to .
It taught me that hope is important .
I watched many movies during my summer vacation .
It remind me of memories of happy childhood .
I was so excited when I looked on this beautiful black t - shirt of Metallica .
I always ride my bike through a park on the way to work .
She is getting married in July .
And it ! ! hurts
I took a bus to Taipei to meet my friend .
Language is a form of art , do n't you agree ?
What do you think ?
I have n't been here in a long time .
Riding my bike through the forest on the way to the office and the ginger pork may have contributed to that .
His smile always makes me joyful .
G : Are you a mail order bride ? Are you indentured to him somehow ?
The pressure of `` Reading the atmosphere `` is very scary .
I went to Nikko and stayed atNikko Kanaya Hotel , which is a traditional hotel .
I have also done corrections for people who are studying Japanese .
It 's easy for them , who have known it since childhood .
I am so lucky .
However , the English language is common all over the world .
When his family tried to escape from the bombing , his mother got injured by the explosions .
Because Janan has been isolated from seventeenth to nineteenth .
The road was straight and there were n't any signals at all .
and I went to sleep .
I do not have any particular plans once I get there .
this lesson is so boring that we all go to sleep : >
I am going to follow my dreams .
I 'm going to work at a cafe in my school from ( or : starting ) next Thursday .
Because she is very tired .
so I work from 7 : 00am to 3 : 00pm .
I thought I have to study more diligently .
And the BGM in this game is very good .
It 's famous for `` Otaku `` , `` Anime `` , PC components and so on .
Her dishes are very good , so I always eat all the food she makes .
I want to perform well acting before the audience .
I 'm going to go back to Japan at the end of May , so I have about 2 months left .
Do n't worry , this is not a scary tale .
I got a message and I was shocked . .
Let 's enjoy each of our days !
what sort of sushi do you like to eat ? ?
The ingredients were a mixture of diced onions , diced carrots , an egg , milk , panko , minced beef , minced pork & nbsp ; and tofu .
The Japanese language does n't have the movement of the tongue required to say sounds like R .
So I thought the `` Fawn Leb `` maybe was a name of some kind of dance in Thailand .
So I was with it the whole time , even during school .
So , I took medicine .
By mutual consent , we broke up with each other .
One day , when I fed them , I noticed that the gold fish was missing and then I found her behind the aquarium .
As you may know , the show is set in a high school on the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
I have two days of free time .
Even now it 's more than 35 degrees everyday .
I woke up for a while and I saw the coat rack .
I can write about my mood or interesting things in a foreign language everyday .
Let me know what you think of it .
Hatumoude means New Year 's visits to shrines .
What do you think of these questions ?
People who call me always say `` rai - yu `` with difficulty , but the sound is totally different .
It also looks like `` Hanpen `` , which are not sweet , but I have never eaten them before .
Thank you .
He has a hard head .
MS has different symptoms in each patient like visual dysfunction , smell disorders , facial paralysis , vertigo , dysphonia , sensory problems like pain or paresthesia , paresis of different parts of the body like hands , or feet , or even a half of the body , etc .
Today , I do n't feel like working ; please doctor Lee , give me a certification .
But I think we should talk with / toeach other more .
I 'm going to study it tonight .
I got to know a Nepalese person , who is the owner of a Nepal restaurant in Japan .
When you order a double ice cream , you can get another scoop .
Each way , however , has its shortcomings .
There was a strike at the end of last month , too .
and then came home .
I worked at the clothes shop about a month .
Summer is over soon , and the temperature has been becoming more moderate and comfortable . Now I even have to cover myself and my family with a blanket .
I 've got seven members as friends on twitter .
Today , I went to Yogdobashi - camera to buy an LCD television to put in my room .
Those words annoyed me so much .
I suffered from a hangover today .
I hope everything will work out well .
He picked a model car and a dinosaur puzzle , and I bought them as his birthday present .
I think advantages outweighs the disadvantages , but I am still going to talk about disadvantages .
We do not know if what we do now is right or not .
My Chinese English teacher told me `` To think is similar to consider . ``
My friend said `` Do n't feed her such nice food if you want her to live longer .
I hope to become better at writing grammatical English and to make more friends from all over the world .
I have never visited there , so I look forward to . it .
It seems that her friend does n't have answers for us either , so she found it on the internet herself and sent it to me through hotmail .
It is interesting to see what the shop sells .
I would like to make a special ( ? ) day for my 2 neighbours but I have n't hit upon a good idea .
There is no central heating in the houses in south China .
What 's more , she has a sweet baby voice that I ca n't stand .
I want to take an active part by making good use of English , Japanese , and Chinese in the world .
And then I registered it
I serched for new DVDs on internet and I found the one that I wanted .
The main characters are Subaru and Yuri .
So there is not enough time to write a long article . . . .
I think I 'm not good at it ( I ca n't understand any note which play in the song ) .
I like the wind .
the city might need teams of inspectors .
so I know you and your company .
Summer cold
I am trying to concentrate .
Because we have two children who will have their entrance examinations of University and High School soon .
Those were supposed to be finished last week because today was the starting ( or : first ) day of winter semester but one professor gave an assignment .
The then Mexican goal keeper , whose name was Jorge Campos , interested me .
I am going to apply for this position .
I know it 's still July 3rd , but here in Kyoto , it IS July 4th .
but my parents feel strongly against my wishes . . .
Secondly , surround yourself with what you love .
Please tell me how to write in English well .
However , it is not easy to ask someone like that because we are not hanging out , but it is just my routine .
But I probably have got a holiday from 10th August .
I am very fond of eating ramen !
Yesterday , I was depressed because I want part - time job , but it was a day off for me .
Then when I see the word , I will try to remember the image .
I went to an automobile shop with my father until my club started .
Surprised at it , one man said to another : .
We traveled by Airplane , departed from Changi airport at ten to eleven on 30th January for Cambodia .
I am writing this diary entry when I am singing these two songs .
In addition to that , I like to go to stadiums to watch baseball games .
But now , a very dirty drain connects to this river .
Well , sometimes he comes every one or two months .
Please give me a way to improve my listening ability .
I wanted a water and a cup .
I thought that I could pass the exam , but I can ' t
Do you know whatUdonis ?
understand and communicate with the students that are the same age .
However , I want to know about your language and your culture .
So , I have to practice using English in order to enjoy these English books .
We continued to drink until midnight again . . . .
My best friend said ' you should just ask him , and do n't talk about your dogs .
I wonder if it is that sensational .
`` No way . `` I continued sitting on the chair and listening to my music .
I got a bunch of words to recognize ! ! ! !
I slapped myself on the cheeks sometimes , so that I would not fall asleep .
It sounds beautiful , does n't it ?
The one person he does n't criticize is his little sister .
I 've been learning English for some time now , and there is something I 'm worried about .
but I 'll do my best .
( Please see the Wiki page .
The rain went on for five days .
Accccchoooo !
( Sometimes when the coffee beans are sold at a bargain price , I make the decision to buy immediately .
No no , it 's not just a joke .
I 'm interested in yoga , too .
When I arrived here I could n't find the electric rice cooker .
I quit again , because there was no one to keep an eye on them every day and I actually rambled a lot , and I only wrote them on the paper not on the internet .
The word which I have been waiting for it to be heard for 5years .
I 'm a member of the PTA committee .
Just saying hello to my new friends
love songs , Japanese songs , rock songs , etc .
I read many articles about how to distinguish good shops from bad shops , which improved my ability to distinguish the products .
He was a very calm and humble man .
The news affects us greater and more directly than any film , novel or drama .
I was tired but I 'm glad that I was able to help him .
Since there were no teachers who forced students to study , I had to push myself very hard .
Finally , I had spare time today .
Please tell me what you did today .
They have a writing , reading , listening and speaking test .
So I entered nutrition faculty at university .
given by the school . One prize is an ipod nano and the other is an ipod shuffle .
Teenagers like to listen to music , dance , and play musical instruments .
But the other day I got a connection in my new house , so I can watch my favorite site and I can write a diary at ' lang - 8 ' !
Please tell me . How to finishe a meeting ?
Yesterday , it was raining .
Some of my friends are not interested in this and want to protect their privacy .
There 's plenty of ways to die , leaving out suicide . . .
The second reason is that I have the chance to meet people .
Will a 32GB iPhone or one with a larger CPU appear in the near future ?
Today was a normal day .
They come back home late at night .
Every song by the Beatles is worth listening to .
they annoyed me .
I made this nail tip last night .
To show my commitment , I have to bring all of my property to Singapore .
Please forgive me that I write such incoherent phrases .
I 've already become addicted to playing the electric guitar .
I like to listen to music very much .
All of the people from England could speak Chinese .
they provide many programs to watch , whearas NHK does n't have very many .
So , I am getting fat .
But actually it was quite tender ! ! ! ( Picture 1 )
So , when we heard our boss said that we can take a rest day off . We were very happy !
I researched how to cook `` salsa sauce `` which was served with Mexican tortilla chips and cream cheese because I found that it was really tasty when I ate it the day before .
This is the first time I signed up to this website , I 'm impressed .
So , it 's one of the things on my `` bucket list `` ( 100 things to do before I die ) .
In your case , why did you work part - time ?
Because I decided to enroll in graduate school , I wo n't get a job after graduating from university .
This needs to be considered .
One of my old cram school teachers who taught me when I was a high school student once said that making the images for each preposition is an easy way to understand them .
Today is a happy day !
God alone knows how things will turn this year .
Secondly , I hope to grow as a professional financial manager .
My name is Chaai .
This will enable me to work well in my future career .
The first time was 2 years ago .
When I got there , I felt like `` Oh my God `` .
When I opened it , a memo I wrote and some money ( 100000 Yen ) were in it .
I ca n't eat all of it , so I will invite my friends to eat the curry .
Hope you can give me some useful advises , thanks in advance .
I think that the Canadian team is the strongest team .
It 's a very famous movie .
He did n't publish any books for many years .
I go to this store to see their Christmas tree every year .
I 'm writing this post and then I 'll go to bed .
When I consider / think about myself , his words are correct .
My job is snowboard wear and wakeboard wear marketing .
I checked it right there and found another mistake .
I am not defending him , but if America sees that Bin Laden is a criminal and he must die , I think she should have arrested him and given him a fair trial . + Like Hussein ? +
* The woman in this photo is a model .
I would be glad if you can correct me .
I have few opportunities to chat with my colleagues , unless our lunch time is the same .
Today I stayed at home all day because I got a stomach ache .
but I had better go to bed .
the tragedy slowly started at last .
Most countries had a unique name ( Colombia , Argentina , Japan , China , England , Australia , Germany ) and it 's very easy to make adjectives from them ( Colombian , Japanese , Chinese , German ) .
I feel happy .
And another reason for the friend 's confusion is lack of vocabulary .
I have never been there , but I do love Korean food .
The childrens ' blank looks were hilarious , and the priest was the best actor .
BUT I got an iPod touch ! !
When I got there , there was nobody there and just some clothes left .
My parents and friends were worried about me after the disaster in Eastern Japan so I went to see them .
The photo was taken during my trip to Austria in January : )
How to say , well , I like the buildings in Shanghai , they look similiar to the buildings in Western countries .
she came from China .
They always say , `` We are too busy now , so we ca n't deal with your things at once . `` And when we ask them when they can do it , their official response is `` we will do it on our own schedule , but we do n't know when we can finish it . `` Nevertheless , our leader has no power to ask them do our matter as soon as possible .
Especially , it was a great experience to do many activities ! !
I logged on to the web - site that I can register the exam .
This makes me so sad .
After a rest and lunch , I tried again at 13 o ' clock .
Today was a very bad day .
So I researched its ending on the internet .
Closing my eyes , I can still see it now , the scenery of the mountains , the lakes , the beaches and the forests .
It takes a long time and is difficult but I 'm happy and I will work hard for my dream and family since they have always worked hard to support me .
I started learning English at the age of 13 which is the age of junior high school students in Japan .
Please let me know your thoughts : D
He likes manufactured crystal goods such as
So I almost finish work at 2 a . m .
Most of the movies I watch are Korean movies .
My hope is to always live in heath .
I ate ( some ) tacos and fajitas recently .
it is the second day since I started writing diary .
You know the word `` depression , `` is just the opposite of `` expression `` .
That means that they can speak like native English speakers , their expressions are & nbsp ; like those of Americans and their pronunciation is also like that of & nbsp ; Americans .
So , like everybody else , I 'm here waiting for the moment when I will be able to stop working and be free to leave for my vacation .
Are you accustomed ( used ) to living in Japan ? > > both ok
The fireworks in Kobe have been held 39 times .
As the saying goes , : `` We find it hard to be happy because we always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less hopeful than it will be `` .
Turtle father : Totally
and today was very hot ,
He was sad .
Therefore , I guess that is the reason why I ca n't get a good score on the listening section of the TOEIC .
My application was downloaded / is downloaded all over the world .
However , in preparing the meal , my family became intimate .
I has thought that it was made up of 48 people .
There are huge piles of second hand things in the market .
Ah , by the way I think that I 'm being lazy . Correct !
Someone else told me another story .
In Sentou and Onshen , of course all of us bathe naked and wash our bodies .
I ca n't write in my diary , because I am sleepy . . .
It is important to distinguish between the exercises that develop muscles and the ones that burn fat .
I have n't gotten used to the surroundings yet , but I will soon .
What should I do ?
However , in my opinion , people are not perfect and neither are the aliens in Pandora .
It 's not that I 'm not satisfied with the time and money I have ,
After that , My Korean housemate came to my room and told me he had tried to made Korean food and eat it .
I study medicine there .
The building I do n't know well just wo n't sleep
But they did n't make any sense .
Wood debris being turned into charcoal and then sold for money .
I expected a better story .
They are homeroom classes and not music classes .
It was New Year 's . . .
Amazon is dangerous .
Making crafts in Japan costs us a lot .
Not necessary unless explained . )
very far countries due to personal circumstances .
I would n't trade my girl for the world .
It snows almost everyday .
I am supposed to go to his house in the USA on leave for about a month and I 'll eat what they eat .
One of the main topics is about a video game called Grand Theft Auto ( GTA ) .
Field Day
We fully enjoyed eating nabe ( a Japanese dish like sukiyaki ) and yakitori ( a Japanese dish like shish kebab ) .
I regretted that Poraloid stopped selling their photography products and think if I were a rich man , I would buy the Polaroid company and continue to sell their products .
It was huge boom to grow up in the Japanese economy andbecause of that , my parents believed I would apply for major companies such as panasonic , nintendo , and so on .
Okay , we do n't have that sort of fan communication event called `` conventions `` in Japan .
A Terrible Day
I am very excited already !
Because of your crazy action , I must do this .
And this time I was n't prepared to miss such a wonderful game .
The other one went up upstairs .
Lately , I feel more and more tense , and frustrated . I know the best way to learn is to enjoy what you do , however I am not the sort of person who is able to make everything enjoyable . I probably need to prioritise that over learning the language . . . hmm . . . . .
Actually , I worked for most of my spring vacation .
I think he likes collecting machineguns .
It 's cheap ( er ) compared to a general supermarket in Sydney .
It has been drizzling since last night .
Korea soccer team won their match against Japan .
My wife is flipping through a couple of furniture catalogs , murmuring of the possibility of a new order .
I 'm really into the show and main character Captain Jack who is played by the openly gay actor John Barrowman .
m . the next morning .
Unfortunately , circumstances have changed around countries in the Middle East .
But , I heard a sound of a drum by a Buddhist monk , tasted a cup of spring water , and saw the scenery of the temple .
One of the clearest memories I have is about sports day when I was in 2nd grade at junior high school .
I don ` t like such white , thick and inspissated drinks !
so we do n't need to use spoons .
I heard that monks in Eiheiji get up at 3 o ' clock everyday !
because this is helping us to be good speakersofforeign language .
I especially like to listen to podcasts to learn English .
But after I finished drinking it , I felt very thirsty .
this is the end of my first English diary entry !
She seemed to be relaxed and told herself `` I can win ``
I have an English teacher .
But I noticed that things were lost in my room .
`` Man is useless if he has no business to which he dedicates himself to .
Fortunately , my host family was very friendly and considerate .
It has also been turned into two series of anime so if you are in out of Japan , maybe you can watch it on fun - subs .
I had worked as a programmer after graduating from high school .
I do n't have a child / any children and I 've been married four years , but even if I do n't have children / a child , I do n't care .
I remember the alcohol was tasty and I ate some side dishes .
Any one who wants to make friends with me can send an email to me .
Many japanese marathon races are suspended becuase of the impact of the Tohoku earthquake from Mar . 11 .
I belonged to the brass band club in junior high school and high school .
What do you think about nuclear power ? Do we need it or not ?
actually it has been fine through the whole winter in beijing .
Getting enough speaking practice is essential to becoming conversational in any foreign language , and is what is missing from most academic courses .
She was working a lot next to you ! !
By the way , now , the Japanese government recommends buying Eco goods .
I had such a good time .
From Auckland to Rotorua it took about three and a half hours by car .
I was lucky !
, and they ran aroound everywhere , so it was really hard to control them
However I guessed this meant that she loves to eat Chinese food . Well , I guessed it wrong , because I only knew the word `` treat `` as `` doggy treats `` which dogs love to eat .
I found an English study group online a few days ago .
I hope , even though the disaster was devastating , that many people will still continue to learn Japanese ( > < )
On the other hand , because it uses small type , sometimes I ca n't exactly read articles .
So I am willing to make my dream come true , and I am struggling with some
I got a residency permit for New Zealand last month . permanent residency ?
It was very interesting .
Writing itdown once just does n't make me remember .
I am not offended by this celebration on the same day on which we mourn the victims of the war and offer prayers for peace .
When Chie met a certain man who would be her boyfreind in the future , she was told by her docter that she had cancer .
And then , I think it 's a good thing to fill a reservoir to enable the supply of enough water .
My son is sure to be excited to see a real locomotive .
He thought that it was crazy , since it would take us 30 minutes from our factory to the station .
I know that I ca n't help doing certain things when I find myself in a particular situation .
and a lot of people lined up at the gas station to buy gasoline .
It is too difficult .
I got the vine as a gift from one of my customers several years ago .
Then we `` got `` into `` a `` restaurant to eat dinner .
When I found out , I was really impressed and thought that I should absolutely go to watch .
I applied to a dorm yesterday .
One was working for a restaurant .
At last we gave up riding it .
I live in Chicago , IL America .
This pic is a little strange , because there is nothing in the middle section . I ca n't describe it .
because my MSN address was expired .
I traveled to northern Japan last weekend .
God bless you ,
Perhaps it was because I thought that something called juice should be sweet .
What is more , the fish tank filter is broken and is not working at all .
B : I plan to open a retail shop in a few months , so it seems that I need a sincere supplier who can continuely support my business .
I have n't had enough sleep recently .
Also , families are what help families when they are at a loss .
This Thursday night I will go to a Moroccan restaurant for the first time .
I love to live in a vast land , but the medical system here is making life a lot harder for me .
They is similar to Marionettes .
She is always pretty and has a warm heart .
`` Thank you for your praise `` .
I looked up the word `` office `` in my English dictionary and found it means `` a room , set of rooms or building where people work , usually sitting at desks `` .
It is interesting , but I can not find any of his books from foreign publishers .
The maintenance is now finished ! ! ! !
This the second time I made a silly mistake by writing something beginning with 2009 .
One of them is an American sitcom named `` ALF `` .
It 's really interesting when you think of this , is n't it ?
Today , My wife went to work , she attended a party at her office .
It was 3 AM .
I went to Osaka on business .
Experiencing happiness and sorrow , smiles and tears .
I will ask her for a hug another day when I see her again .
I do n't want my friend to be disappointed .
there was a fairy and a farmer who loved each other .
he did n't know anything he was shocked .
Without this , I could not get a master 's degree .
And I had no idea what to say upon seeing the hill , decorated with blue Nemophila and rape ( ? ) blossoms , the most popular place in this park .
beef ) - no - tataki `` or `` grilled red beef `` with salt , pepper , and vinegary ( orange or something like that ) soybean sauce ( shoyu ) the night before last .
Nowadays Valentine 's Day has become a holiday of the East .
So , I do not have much time to use it .
At first , I like to drink alcohol so I bought beer .
The trip is frustrated not only because it will probably take me 12 hours , but also because I have to stand up all the time on the train without a seat .
Nice to see ( meet ) you !
The park covers 1650 acres of grassland ( pasture ) and mountains ( hills ) .
So I practice and study very hard everyday .
However , I was not able to write my diary while I was traveling .
He was in the hospital three months . ( American style English )
The upper layer is cointreau and it should be colorless , but I made a mistake in this layer .
( Whenever I go to cinema , I get easily frustrated . )
If you have any good ideas to write on this form , please let me know .
Fortunately , nothing happened to the windscreen of the car .
I ca n't help being angry with him .
Of course , Ichiro has private property which enables
So I thought I 'd give it another try and brush up on my English , even if it means to make a complete fool out of myself .
Therefore , we have to be patient and try to find solutions .
Today is Valentine 's Day .
Finally , every mother in the picture have a bag .
Today I want to write about smart phones .
Everyone feels the same way about you . ``
It must be defective .
Manju is also filled with sweet bean paste .
After bowling , we had a drinking party .
Regarding my favorite music , movies , actors / actresses , I do n't have any particular favorites .
How did jolly out get to have a similar meaning to ' make happy ' ?
I meant I occasionally tried ( hesitated ? ) to find appropriate expressions , words or idioms .
However , I 'll work hard for everybody , including myself . [ alt . ]
Lucky charm : I keep a lucky charm in my purse , so I feel anxious if I forget my purse in my house .
I finally got a chance to see their show , it was so exciting !
After work today , I walked by my supervisor .
I feel like my dad is a tree supporting behind me .
Actually , I 'm playing basketball in PE class .
I want to study harder .
so he came out of the elevator quickly because he got very scared of it .
I really wish that I could be eloquent and talkative ! ! !
I will buy a new bag this weekend .
The restaurant was different from the one we usually frequent .
The Snowdrifts are beautiful , but I can not enjoy them fully .
Tomorrow I 'm going to take an accounting test at school .
but some are sweet .
Most people of this age tend to get married or have a baby .
I want to go there again .
We may be able to say that the Japanese language is one of the Pidgin languages .
The purpose of the website is so that I can post all aspects of learning the languages .
I 'm a college student in China . I love Japanese and English so much .
Because compulsory education negatively affects children
I do n't belong to any clubs
Finally , the separation of smoking areas is there
I have been learning classical ballet .
How much damage will there be ?
They were done by artists from the Impressionist movement .
English everyday . ( I learn )
I had a great time seeing my schoolmates again .
old Japanese language teacher in high school .
I went to the tower to see the witch getting burned today .
I wrote my first diary on Lang - 8
Thanks for Your Help
To avoid this , some people say `` you should be careful ! `` But , it 's no use in the case of skimming .
Saitama is near Tokyo .
I cooked and ate carbonara this morning .
After 10 minutes had passed , the salad and the 1st pasta were served , we realized something was different from the meal that we had in Milan .
One of the most traditional festivals , Gion Matsuri is now being held in Kyoto .
O , well , hey , mister - comes - from - a - decent - family !
It was very funny from the very beginning : first , I was a bit late coming home , and various chores had been left undone ( floors were dirty , food was unprepared and different stuff was scattered among living space ) .
The Chinese Ministry of Education wants to change the writing of 44 Chinese characters , according to news .
Still need to work tomorrow .
I 've just talked with my parents about studying abroad .
Besides , the sounds they picked up were too vague to understand , but they still hilariously told you they were ghost voices .
This e - mail was from a stable near my house in London .
Then at night , I had a dinner with my previous colleague at a Malaysian restaurant .
Today , I 'd like to introduce my undergraduate college .
Its size is very compact , only 16cm wide , 10cm long , and it 's pretty red .
It is a hard task , but interesting for me because I enjoy reading .
I made plans to take a trip to Taipei .
I 'm able to go to other restaurants by car , but it 's a little troublesome .
There , he did voluntary service and made friends with colleagues from various countries .
So I guess I like my job .
My current PC is so slow .
I have pain in my knee from as far back as I can remember .
Thanks for reading !
There were so many people so we waited about 1 hr but it was a fun day .
Happy New Year ! !
I was so thoughtful toward him , but he does n't care that I have been waiting for him !
We went to a restaurant for dinner with four people and intended to order a single pizza which would be shared ( between us ) .
You have to get your beauty sleep .
I was almost on the deadline , so I needed the Exchange Coordinators to fax the documents ( to be sure that they made it on time ) . I asked them to mail the documents to Japan .
Do I really want this ?
First , Premium user entries will have their own background color , making them easier to find .
I agree with it .
to watch the mantis catch the butterfly .
She thinks that she wants to go there by car and spend time efficiently
I hope that after this exam I will graduate and receive my music school diploma . I will be so happy !
I love using rooms for adults . When I wake up in the morning , I always starting my paltalk software . : )
So I hope that we 'll find happiness for everyone .
But I like frogs .
Going back to home , my sister and I were quiet .
The Simpsons
Even whenever I go outside , I try to listen to one of these .
I was driving through a highway and when I went through the tunnel , a big mountain jumped into my eyes !
I hope I can share good news tomorrow ! : )
Nowadays I am tired of doing so because I notice that I am saying the same thing everyday .
What music do you listen to ?
Gyoza is my favorite food .
Oh , America . If you call for respect of human rights and human dignity , why did you throw Ben Laden ` s corpse in the sea as if he was an animal not a human being ?
There is no more things I have to do !
I do n't know how many people will come to today 's party , but
First I have to decide a specific goal , for example to pass one qualification , to take an exam , or to get job .
I was wondering why Christmas Eve was significant for Japanese people .
I was thinking about sports and `` races `` and not only athletic races , but other sports too
The winner 's were a group of young women , about 20 to 30 years old .
I have only a painful headache .
I want to know whether anyone can tell me why you want to learn another country 's language .
So for their invitation , I clicked on `` Yes `` .
I wonder if I should go to the hospital . . . . . . .
I think of the number of people reaching towards the goal , rather than myself reaching that goal .
I think the country side is better for me . : )
Shockingly , the room that I used to use became my father 's hobby room , so I slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable .
I do not know that cause of the noise .
I love this tiny vivid yellow , delicious smelling , flower blooming on the naked winter trees .
Well , thanks for reading ! !
She looked away and said , `` Ya ! ``
Now , I introduce myself !
The bad thing is that it 'll be more difficult to get a job this year .
This was taughtby my teacher from school .
nowadays I enjoy collecting some old toys or empty contener of containers for cosmetics
This is the first time I 've experienced this .
To make a long story short . ( am I right ? ) To be honest I do n't have a long story , LOL !
Then she asked again , `` You are sleeping , are n't you ? ``
My boyfriend saw it too .
members can take their vacation relatively freely .
I climbed Kata Tjuta then I saw the sunset at airs rock , while I drink wine .
I wrote in my diary that I would like to get an iPad
Before my summer vacation , I succeeded in asking for two dates during the vacation with her .
He is the Japanese champion horse from 2010 .
When I walked along the fried chestnut shop , the fragrance of fried - chestnuts was scattered into the air , which made me drool .
Most cars in Europe are stick shift cars , are n't they ?
But I was relaxed before I started running .
Tomorrow is last friday .
The way the bookshop is organized is that all of the bookshelves are arranged like a book - lover 's study .
Therefore I have become less fat recently .
Was the teacher wrong or were our speeches too boring ?
I did n't know enough about the subway map , so I was very pressed .
My goal is to build up my vocabulary from 7000 to more than 10000 words , so I will be able to read decent newspapers and magazines like Time without an E - J dictionary .
I think he was also embarrassed .
But the most popular dogs are toy poodles .
It happened when she was n't with my friend .
I started to run beginning tonight . I want to run a full marathon someday !
If you want to know the reason why Japanese have chicken instead of turkey , please read the article in the following link ( in Japanese ) :
My favorite authors are Haruki Murakami , Soseki Natsume and so on .
Because it 's part of my HISTORY .
I 'm also looking forward to High School Musical 3 : Senior Year .
During the last two weeks I have added over 160 `` friends `` .
The thing is . . .
After the check up , I went straight home and played with my youngest daughter .
And to save my bus fare , I took my bicycle ( to clarify , it 's the bike of my friend who went to China two days ago , thus I said `` my `` bicycle . ) to college .
I hope that I can develop my English and also make many new friends on this site !
My drawer is a nearly sealed drawer that
I ca n't believe this happened .
I heard mixi ' S SERVER is down .
Heavy snow can change the cityscapes completely .
If they keeping speak it , their conversational skills of English will not be improved anymore .
If I use the wrong expressions , please teach me the correct one .
So I drink wine to uphold my current level of health .
However , I have to admit that the phrase `` you 're slim `` is a compliment to Japanese women , although plump women have recently gained popularity in Japan .
He said his abilities are not good enough to fit the position .
Yamaoka is one of the characters in the Japanese comic `` Oishinbo `` , and I have been called this name by my friends since my undergraduate days because I am similar to him .
After I finish painting two projects , I can go to a more advanced class .
Trying to Write a Diary in English ^ ^
I really hope I can find a job which I prefer .
HaHa , Today was my lucky day .
I 've had several headaches these days while I was studying .
`` I could bring some coffee for you , would you like it ? `` Asked Bill
However , the most important thing may be human relations .
I have to look for another job to work .
The downside is that I ca n't go out with my friends during my vacation because I only have the weekends free .
I am tired of my work and recently I do n't know if I really want to do this work .
I make my hair cut a few month ago .
I wish I was a boy . Then I could eat anything I like . . . .
I got really shocked !
But I 'll try hard to . make it happen !
I 've just finished watching Buzzer Beat .
I used it until midnight .
I 'm a student of University of Naples ' Orientale ' of Italy and I have got an Erasmus scholarship for studyingin your University .
I listen to english podcasts and news , I read english books and particularly try to write more in english because this is my biggest weakness .
There is a big festival in my home town now .
I am going to decide on a car from among a RAV4 , CR - V , or 4Runner , but the problem is the cost for them .
( an Australian girl got a gold medal ! )
My late mother was tone - deaf
I was surprised by his creativity .
Last week I visited Texas on a business trip to an american college .
On the flip side , it seems that American or European travelers did n't to try to communicate with local people ( Tuk - Tuk driver [ auto bike taxi ] , children , shop staff , stranger , people of leisure , ect . ) .
I feel pleased . I feel happy .
Takoyaki is a very famous light meal like fast food in Japan .
I would like to enjoy my time off until the end of tomorrow .
I 'm wondering if I should buy a new one .
but I am shy about speaking English . .
Besides , you can sell the ticket at a discount - ticket shop if you do n't need it anymore .
What will I write on the wall ? I mean should I write anything ?
Bad Tasting Coffee
The school master gave me an interview in English .
My answer was , `` I think it is wasteful to throw it away . ``
Today , I talked with my co - worker about our lives .
It 's cloudy today , and it just started raininng .
June is Japan 's rain season .
They say it 's our mentality . But until it is accepted we can affect change amongst ourselves .
My name is Mami Sueki , I studied Spanish and Linguistics at university .
What I know for sure is that it is used when you are talking about a situation where somebody else is angry about something and therefore you or someone else feel upset .
My definition of happiness is to lead a simple life .
Meanwhile , yesterday was also a rainy day .
and we went downtown for shopping
So I could ' nt go abroad to university this year . . . . . . . . . .
There is an obvious border among them .
You are not sure that the people you have talked to are no harm to your family .
I bought past english tests of the entrance examination for a university in Hong Kong today .
Now I have a daughter , she is 3 months old .
I 'm a person who loves nature and health .
These are loyalty to my friends , altruism and absence of cynicism .
Sanuki - udon is a kind / type of noodle .
However , I heard a rumor that the government is considering a ban on the disclosure of food production sites because consumers may avoid food made in Fukushima and the neighboring prefectures .
If everything is all right , maybe next week my website will have a new home : p
Most of the candidates love and care for their family very much .
It read `` Drug Free School Zone . `` At first , I was so suprised and I thought , `` Free drug ?
We could visit Stanislas Plaza , which is a very beautiful place in Nancy .
on Feb . 14 , I want to do something to make up .
I had tonkatsu and a vegetable soup with bacon .
Usually , men in Korea do not have as much of an interest in fashion as women .
They were a little nervous .
I have itchy eyes , a runny nose , and lots of sneezing .
Thank you for reading my sentences .
It is warm these days !
It also happened several years ago in Osaka , many strangers got together at Osaka station and . . . .
I have n't used English for a long time .
I run for 40 miniutes during my training session .
I have a Nintendo DS and PSP too .
Most Korean students are studying hard .
First of all , I would give my parents half a trillion dollars .
HINT 2 : You can find me in homes located in hotter climates .
Now I will report on this week 's weather .
But was my first time .
It 's scared me a lot .
I went to a live rock concert yesterday .
Because , I wanted to finish my anime diary while I am in Japan .
Do you all have anything you all love to do ?
Actually the swimming master has taught me how I can crawl .
But it will take a long time .
I am enjoying the days off just after the beginning of the new year .
Their behavior smells fishy .
I know exactly who cheated , but I just walked by and warned them .
Is the Japanese examination too difficult ?
( It 's obvious that he is into her . ( this is natural )
Also some people love singing and dancing .
As long as I can remember , I have never experienced an entire month without rain .
I know they will not be happy with this rule .
I think that we feel more comfortable being surrounded by Japanese people .
Brazil was the winner .
It was a `` Temaki - zushi `` party .
My second English entry .
To support the whole family ?
I wanted to stay longer , but I had to go home after it finished because I had to go to my part - time job ; ( That was very sad . . .
I 'm able to get enough space so that I can read books and study English .
For more information , you can access the link below :
Yes I will do it .
I wanted to watch and hug a white tiger cub there .
I have seen some paintings of Jesus that were drawn with Jesus as a shepherd .
I 'm a university student , so my classes usually finish early .
Tea was bitter but the tea - cake was very sweet and tasty .
My family was very worried about me .
I have decided to pick it up again .
Today is a really busy day .
I tried to sign up
Today I am underging eye surgery at Yurakucho .
I saw his face and it was funny .
So , my heart is warming up too .
That 's why I have to lose some weight ! ! !
By the way , It is the middle of the sentences .
A waterfall ?
This spring , will I still feel something special from anew experience ?
So writing and reading is very important to me .
I thought this cicada was already dead , so I poked it with tip of my foot .
Then , for dinner , I went to Kasadera and ate ramen .
It was a really bad day today . . .
It 's been four months already . . . !
I want to speak with a foreigner in English : )
It can generate enough electrical energy to charge a cell phone or an iPod .
I could n't help studying English conversations .
I always wish thatI were ( stronger ) .
They are more focused on me when I speak their language .
Tabuse was the best player in the Japanese high schools .
I will go to Pune , India in February 2010 , and study English and management .
The Sunlight is very strong , the humidity is high , and the season does n't feel good .
I write about my story .
I want you to go to Kyoto , and go the Kiyomizu temple and Yojiya cafe ( * ^ ^ ) /
The June temperature in GuiLin is so hot that I ca n't fall asleep easily every night .
Yesterday after I had finished the party I was going to read a book , I did n't understand some of the sentences so I will read it again .
I could see piled stones , vertical cliffs and rough sea .
Because , I will be going alone .
I only have one friend .
We want to win because everyone in my lab class ( including the & nbsp ; professor ) likes alcohol .
Winnie the pooh was the most important character when I was young .
Watashi ha namida wo koraeru koto ga dekimasen deshita .
it is taking too long .
Did you ever see it ? Did you think it was interesting or boring ?
Yesterday was a very nice day in Tokyo and the neighboring area so the weather led cherry blossoms to be in full bloom quickly .
It 's a tough race but it arrives at the sea after all .
To learn `` HTML `` and `` CSS `` is big challenge for me , but I will enjoy it .
l heard that the English post system is not very good from other foreign
I prefer a casual style for a party .
so I acted violently , and suddenly cried , and went out of my friend 's home at midnight ( sikamo ( sonoue ) bare foot ) .
I set a target to write diary once a week .
Fish or Meat ?
I bought a leather jacket and a dress .
Japan 's team beat Cameroon in the World Cup .
I 've had a break for a month and now iti 's time to stop being lazy .
I have a husband and a 7month old baby girl .
Can you believe a guy around 20 watched such a love story ? LOL In fact , I like love story movies because I do n't need to think deeply about them after watching them .
Recently I feel like time is flying by . . . . . .
but if finished them , I would be free ! ! !
When the rainy season ends , I want to climb Mt .
It 's difficult to find trash on the streets
Today is the Festival .
Unlike other DVDs such as `` Spiderman `` or `` Star Wars , `` there is no sequel in the library .
My first travel to Europe alone will have me test ? my English conversation skills .
In the Japanese traditional system , the oldest son takes a bride and lives with his parents and she takes care of his parents .
In summer , the school gave us a so called English camp where students were supposed to speak English there .
I would appreciate it if you could edit my writing or even leave me a comment !
It 's one of the most significant festivals of China ,
We exchanged easy conversation with each other .
My dream is to be an archeologist or a great merchant who travels around the world to the undeveloped countries to explore new places , or to become a great diplomat . . .
I am now having a plan to study abroad in Britain , so I have been to an english cram school for a couple weeks , but it 's hard for me to improve my weakness .
But you do n't appreciate it .
I have talked about it with foreigners twice .
They are looking forward to the trip .
Actually he is a Japanese learner , and we have been doing a language exchange every day for a year and a half over Skype .
She is in her second year of high school .
I met many people at the live .
It seemed that he really enjoyed his trip there .
If you pay by Lotte card , you can get a 2000 won discount .
I would like to keep contact with them .
Please come to Japan someday !
But when he walked up to the hippos , all the monitors would stop working .
Jamming ' Zeb is the name of the group .
I 'm a new member .
I was very busy last week .
When we arrived there , it was very hot .
A letter to Brendan
Huong .
The day before yesterday , I had an interview with my boss .
I can also listen to music on the radio . .
And also , I hope my English will improve with each passing day .
Also , social games are very good because you can make many friends through the game .
I was free today , so I took a walk along the riverside of Kamogawa .
Terms are not easy .
I want to grow ! !
( actually , if anybody does not have this thing in mind , the person will be considered stupid )
I wonder if anyone has heard of this song .
People say that these lanterns represent lights of hope .
In March , he will bring his wife and daughter to Germany .
I returned from my dormitory to my family 's house yesterday .
maybe I will find and translate a lot of papers starting Next week
She told my daughter that she had a really hard time with the same host family because the host mother has been suffering menopausal symptoms and when she is really low , she yells at others and throws things .
As players hit a ball in front of big sized screen , which is designed like real 18 hole golf field and physical enviroment , computer can measure the distance , direction , angle , and display the position of ball .
I want to speak in English using the correct expressions .
I want to go to UK to study abroad in September 2012 .
Japanese believes that the new Year God ( Toshigami sama ) also comes when new year comes .
The next morning , I put it in the microwave for 250 seconds and then took it out .
I have less chances to speak English these days .
( I still have some stock that I did n't finish . ( > _ < ) )
The police said , that they evacuated the houses of two old men .
That was my first time being unable to control my will .
I 'll go to the flea markets .
I dreamed about a baby three days ago .
I worked a lot of overtime this week , especially .
Yesterday , I had a toothache .
Mix ground meat , half a raw egg , minced onion , some crushed fu ( breadlike food made of wheat gluten ) , and tofu ( soybean curd ) , and make it / the mixture into round shapes .
`` In Japan , it is hard to enter a university .
Because you don ` t consider aboutme .
Would you please correct my English ?
I want him to speak at his usual speed ( fast ? ) .
Mom 's voice makes me get up every morning .
My R always sounds like a W .
Second , inflow of foreign food culture will improve communication amongst cultures .
I could have done an entry last night but it seemed I could n't upload .
We both love Naruto , but she loves Gaara and I love Itachi .
I 'd like to ask those of you who live in the US , `` Is Hulu famous ?
I 'm sorry that I ca n't show them on this page this time .
We had special dinner with our grandparents and cousins .
Have a nice weekend ~
What would a person , like this , do , on a regular basis , is probably : surfing the Internet .
Unfortunately we could n't speak English very well .
there was a French journalist with us too .
In summer , almost all the water falls dry up , but fortunately they were still flowing with loud roaring sounds .
[ * Self Modify ] Probably , these `` realistic `` functions do not equal a high - resolution graphics efficient .
I was given an onigiri ( Japanese rice ball ) by the owner of my apartment just now .
However , I have to be careful about drinking too much .
Today is Saturday , but I have to work !
There are these times that I do n't want to tell the truth about my flaws or I do n't want to hurt someone 's feelings . Sometimes , I can hurt people by telling them the truth . Or I do n't want to make the situation awkward by telling the truth .
I do n't like to talk about this topic ,
Today , I joined in this SNS .
I thought I would see this movie with English subtitles since many people said that movies are useful to improve your listening ability on the Net .
Above all , the most memorable travel is Dalat located in middle of Vietnam .
I 'm 20 years old and a university student in Japan .
I cleaned my new room ( which used to be my brother 's ) , made a few calls to some companies , ordered ten textbooks on the Internet , that I will use at graduation school , went out to buy a computer device , washed clothes , ironed out some shirts , and set up my wireless connection . ( * )
Lots of work is awaiting me !
Watching CNN and reading The New York Times , I am suddenly wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside our own little world .
During a break , I read a reference book .
My hobbies are painting pictures and reading .
Often I ask myself , `` if I were to start a new life in a country of the world what country would it be ?
The news said it will continue snowing until noon .
Besides , it feels great to give a speech in front of many people . I always become extremely nervous though : P
maya : Great , I just need an ID card and all is set .
What 's more , Japanese peoples do not accept half - baked commercial products .
I noticed many things due to my failure .
anyway I finished the test ! !
It seems like the latest version of the racing game that I have been waiting for , will go on sale at last within this year .
During the autumn , I enjoyed the autumn colors .
It 's a crazy teenager 's story in upper eastern NY .
Innumerable museums and art galleries , theatres and opera houses are the pride and joy for older ages when people come to value their national heritage .
But now the sky is all clear , and the temperature is rising .
There are lots of Mandarin shops encompassing the plaza .
Well , I have to go now .
I 'm going to study here until May . So , a third of my studies abroad have finished .
Good night !
So , customers can make electronic copies of their favorite comics for a low price .
It is the most important part of the new year .
If a goldfish fell in love with another fish , it would n't remember because it would lose its memory .
Since yesterday I have recieved many messages and gifts .
A furisode is a kind of kimono .
Their family name expressed their profession and their role , such as bow maker or body guard .
S .
I woke up with a headache this morning at 11 am .
So , I am grateful for them .
It felt so great and I really want to do it again this week , hehe .
I felt so relaxed .
I sometime ask my self what I learned last year and how I changed compared with who I was last year .
but now she is always asleep .
It was so delicious , : )
And this semester is going to end . . .
I realize that I will always be an innocent person .
In Japan it is very hot and humid .
I shave my chin , wash my hair , wash my face and have breakfast at 7 o ' clock .
Afraid of my Future
Sometimes my speaking annoys him , I feel badly .
When I 'm getting tired , I just remind myself that I just have to do this for about two more months .
I always want to write a diary in English , but I do n't know whether I write correctly or not .
Anyway , we got in a car and off to Ayudhya .
We ` ve planned to watch `` Transformer 3 `` together in 3D .
For example , I often get spam e - mails .
There were many kinds of things for sale such as herbs , bags and lights .
However , I finally had to admit that I have gotten a bad cold after feeling an intolerable pain in my throat .
Some of them are fond of looking for horny girls or gay people .
So I can not understand the actions of the sea shepherd .
This is my first entry on Lang - 8 .
When I was a child , seeing snow made me happy because it was so beautiful .
Today , my work was very hard .
He was quite upset , maybe a bit angry and decided to check attendance .
And I hope I will make friends with many people for international exchange : - )
They did n't necessarily hate English , but I think there were mainly two reasons they stopped .
By 9 : 40 , the sky became very dark , we knew that the Sun was completely covered by the Moon , but we could not see it .
Actually we did n't have so much time to wait in the queue outside of the pavilions .
And Menma will also be happy being friends with everyone .
But I have something wrong with my eyes .
There is a lot of rain in TSUYU but Japanese people enjoy TSUYU .
But it really was a great festival . You can see my pictures .
I do n't know if she will stand up again .
but I 'm not all about that .
I went on a business trip to Shiga .
Above sentences derive from `` URL ``
I also recommend `` Lie to me `` .
Yesterday , I found wonderful - looking doughnuts at a doughnut shop on my way home .
I have to write a diary more often .
Now I am feeling extremely depressed in the lab .
Before , I had n't decided what career I would study .
First entry
The Yamanote line is the name of a railway .
This time , I was finally able to sing the Minyo a little bit .
I joined the conversation and we talked about lots of things ; our hobbies , trips , jobs , and so on in English . Several people joined us one after another .
The interview process is spoke English all given in English but and my friend used English to spoke respond .
Wild camels are causing much damage to nature .
It is a very ingenious battery .
One my friends made a bet with the other , that Olga will go drinking with us .
Therefore , my family decided to take a trip .
I woke up at 8 : 00 am and took a bath .
But I had to work at my desk eagerly ( diligently ? ) .
Another cause is that when I was a student , I did n't have a speaking class in school .
they say it 's been 60 - 70 years since temperatures last reached this intensity . . .
MOFA had turned down the proposal from Tehran asking to establish a commercial representative office after `` consultations with Gamzou 's office ! Does it mean that only if under Israeli 's agreement could Taiwan seek further development with Arab countries ?
These classes are very fun and fascinating .
It 's the last day of the year
Here is a message to an ebay seller .
I did n't understand it well at first , but I want to know so I read and read it .
I really enjoyed this holiday , but I 'm a little bit tired .
To help her son get to America , correct
today I worked morning shift ,
I want to look for true love .
It 's a little exciting and nerve wracking to talk with friends abroad .
He got the cock at a stall of local festival , when it was a chick .
It 's the first international photo festival in Japan . ( They said so . )
I decided to expand my skills in English .
We never take part in a party , so we are looking forward to going .
I 'd like to go to the UK to study English culture .
However , I do n't have a girlfriend , so I go to there with just guys .
Today was such a crazy day .
Japanese often say `` Otsukaresama `` to each other when we encourage something , such as finishing our work and study , like a greeting .
I chose this setting because it takes him a long time to solve problems with two digits .
And I never do this in my country .
`` Is this how everybody hangs out in the U .
It 's the middle of the night .
So , giving money in wedding ceremoniesy is helpful to one another .
Now I ` m doing a presentation with MS PowerPoint , in the background , haha .
I still remember some of the cartoons I have seen .
I know it is kind of a waste !
I am planning to go to America in the summer . holidays .
It is funny to say so myself , but it was very tasty .
Then we went to the cinema , to see Ice Age .
It was a very nice day ( out ) with not a cloud in the sky .
I found an old friend in Facebook and I sent him a message .
I thought it can be used because ' of ' and 've ' have the same pronunciation .
I want to keep on writing in my diary every day .
I think it 's a terrible phenomenon because we ca n't know the things unfavorable to the mass media through them .
I can watch digital broadcasts now !
I do n't know how many people are voted for as class president in the U .
Unfortunately my wife will not have any days off next week , so we ca n't go on a trip to somewhere very far away .
I enjoy watching them while running .
A Japanese guy insisted an iPhone 4 was better since it has many functions , even though it is smaller than an iPad .
So I got time to do some housework .
The biggest current issue in Korea
I guess that they want to boast about being busy .
Please contact me .
It makes me feel bad .
So to avoid loss of my data , I immediately bought a new one yesterday .
I realized tthen that they were bad people / crooks .
I suffered much stress when I was studying Spanish and I already know that to learn languages is so difficult for me ( Japanese and English are totally different also Spanish ) , but after learning Spanish I finally noticed the importance of the language , it is worldwide ! !
I live in Yokohama in Japan .
Why do people learn Polish ?
I want to store my winter clothes in the case .
This in itself is good .
There were a lot of Asian people compared with the last party , where
In other words , `` May 30 `` ( 5 / 30 ) is a day to clean the environment .
Tomorrow is another boring day , I have to find out what I can do to avoid wasting my time . . .
Sometimes we discuss this but we 've not reached a consensus .
I have n't studied these days .
Japan 's Earthquake
But first of all I 'm in love with Polish rock bands .
That 's why they hang a key around their neck .
I want to be able to write English well .
Btw , I 've learned a lot of English .
It was a sunny day yesterday .
While I watch the movie , it started to snow outside the window .
But I want to enjoy myself during next week 's 5 consecutive holidays ( Golden Week ) .
There are lots of impressive stories in that speech .
You can relax and play with rabbits !
Before I write my next journal , I want to pray and say thank you to everyone .
I was right ; there were many beautiful clay pigs there .
When it is hot like today , it feels stuffy .
Then I can use that extra time to get small jobs done ,
When ( an important boss ? ) came by , I looked like a stupid employee .
( I ) feel like going out . . . . : P
Good luck for everyone who has summer exams now too .
My car is relatively small , but I usually have to cut the wheel four or five times to park correctly .
Their messages encouraged me very much .
However , everything has a good side and a bad side , and mobile phones are no exception .
Thank you for your help in translating the new top page .
We ate a lot of food .
But really , I want to take a bath .
They announced yesterday that radioactive iodine was detected over the standard level in water in a purification plant .
In fact Sri Lanka is famous for surfing .
I was so happy , because I thought that I finally found a conversation partner on foreign soil , so I could easily improve my English .
Most people sometimes ask themselves ,
He went to the kitchen walking heavily .
I 'm embarrased because I ca n't speak English as well as translate it into Japanese .
I wish that I could find a person who is learning chinese , so we can help each other !
The company will deal with delivering Japanese goods to all over the world .
If there were some gentle music , a cup of tea or coffee , a picturesque , lazy afternoon view , and nobody bothered you , it would be pretty glorious .
I booked a dormitory where I shared a room with 5 women .
I will visit a leather craft shop featured in the magazine in near future .
My younger brother gave them to me .
After four days busy work , on Friday morning I was planning what to do at the weekend .
I was happy to have talked to my friends .
So now , he went back to America after an official announcement that he would leave ' 2PM '
I have a plan that I 'll go to Japan to study law 2 years later , so I must study hard , and I will .
The jokes are sometimes very difficult to understand , especially the blue jokes .
I 'm planning to establish a badminton club with my friends who go to a different university ! I was a member of the badminton club in junior high school and high school .
I had to stand in a line for 30 minutes in order to buy them .
New year is coming ~ ~ ! !
`` watashi `` and `` watakushi `` means `` I `` .
The writer 's opinion is reflected in the articles more prominently .
Well , some people speak Belarusian and others can easily understand them , thinking at the same time , that such people are very strange .
I 'm going to tell you about his bad - temper and why he 's being likke that .
In episode 1 - 3 , Rachel said , `` I should really get back to work , `` and Phoebe answered `` Yeah , 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered . `` .
Because I seemed to have kind of lost weight in recent years , he persuaded me to leap at the chance to have a physical inspection .
He is very cute and smart person usually , but sometimes lacks in delicacy .
I always tell him that I 'm OK . But I am worrying about his health .
My favourite subjects are maths and physics , so probably I will have a problem with connecting them with traveling or something like that .
As you know , the Bruins won the Stanley Cup this year !
Woww . . . it 's rather easy way to sell that they have there . Well , actually we have people selling stuff on the bare streets in Thailand too . But mosguito nets and helmets , I have never seen here yet ! !
As for music , I like 90 's J - POP and J - ROCK , like THE YELLOW MONKEY , JUDY AND MARY , THE BLLIANT GREEN , Mr .
This year I intend to go to Australia on a working holiday .
The first time I went abroad in the summer of 2008 .
The day before yesterday , it snowed for the first time in Philadelphia .
I love to travel abroad .
After she returned home ,
When I turned it on , I did n't see the display so I went to a store to have it repaired .
so it is hard to paint what I see .
I have to say honestly that I had no idea about the answers .
I make up my mind when I try to wash dishes
I ca n't remember who the singer is .
The stadium is a little bit near .
This topic is depressing to me .
My heart is your throne .
For a day , for a week , even for ever , we wrote .
On the other hand , in the games , an intelligent competitor can immediately perceive which tactic their coaches use , and that efficiently advances the cooperation between the athletes and their coaches .
Woman who is a maniac for Gundam
Do you know what I should I say ?
I do n't know the amount that each grade receives but my nephew received around 560 baht for this term .
More than 80 or 90 % of the girls love your products .
My english is not very good , so I will try to learn english now .
In one vase she 'd put 3 flowers and in another 5 .
Soba are Japanese buckwheat noodles .
Tommorow I work the late shift , but I will go to hospital , so I should go to bed early tonight . .
I wonder where they stock their food .
Today I 'm planning to meet with my friend , who I have n't seen for a long time .
Have you ever watched the movie ?
On top of that .
The reading passage states that salvage logging is good for the ecosystem and has been used for hundreds of years ; however , the lecturer argues from a different perspective stating that salvage logging is obviously against the law of nature and will cause a threat to the forest environment as well as local communities .
Countless local hospitals were forced to close for not being able to recruit enough doctors .
But summer vacation ends August 31 = (
Before I travel I need to have exact company addresses .
Japanese conversation lessons , announcements of weekly events in Tokyo , AP news and life counseling are my favorite shows .
I miss your smile , the way that you called me , all that we left in the past .
For example , a German shepherd dressed as the police , and his owner dressed as a prisoner .
I always said yes to him because I love him .
I wanna have sex .
When I was practicing long jumping , I fell down onto the floor .
I have a party tonight with some teachers .
Anyway all forty gyoza were eaten by us .
Im tired of this excuse .
I 'm looking forward to listening to his accenteveryday from now on .
I hate the terrible feeling when you over drink .
It 's really exciting that I can try for an English - related job there !
From now on , I will strike while the iron is hot to further my English study .
Have a good time
Anyway , all is done , my summer vacation has started , and I feel FREE !
She was kind and ardor ? ! Ardor = sexual passion
This was l . This was the first time I traveled in a foreign place
It was thought that pearls were made out of mermaids ' tears .
a black professor who teaches at Harvard got arrested by the cops
The last performance was Franz Ferdinand . They were so amazing .
Like being in a film
My family raised a little female puppy when I was an elementary school student .
This is what I said . :
The Marunuma Plateau is about 1400 meters in height , so the leaves had already began to turn red .
It 's a good movie and I like it
The reason why I 'm writing this is because I would like to go to University in the UK .
Yestarday , I heard something about about bilingual people that have Japanese backgrounds from some Japanese students and office workers .
and looking away .
I 've been thinking what I should do here in Japan , because I always had some goals to achieve when I was in Canada .
I could n't use this since for like forever
Hopefully he will answer my email tomorrow .
Do you have something you struggle with in your daily life ?
Our national debt is increasing to almost 200 % of the GDP .
The daily set usually consists of more than 20 pages , so for me it takes about 2 hours or so to read the newspaper even if I do not thoroughly read every article .
`` Miaow ~ ~ ~ ~ `` . . . Oh , you poor tiny defenceless little things ! Where are you ?
I will check your japanese diary .
Since I really like cats , I decided to keep it in the yard behind my office .
English is the most popular language of communication in the world .
In the long run , there will be big benefits for such companies ' growth and success .
I 'm a student and my native language is Cantonese .
In return I want a white coat .
Finally I bought some books , but I felt guilty for wasting money .
For example , I want to create an OS ( Operating System ) but only a simple version for now , therefore to collect and use information and understand them well , I must improve my English vastly .
Some views on social practice
It 's a multicultural forum .
I 'm so happy because of them . .
The Meteorological Agency issued a high temperature warning in each place .
His lively classes have benefited me a great deal and my writing skills has improved during this semester .
I think that the idea of transcribing in English while I 'm listening to Japanese conversations is great because I can improve my translation ability .
I learned from my friend about this sharing space .
He almost has Metabolic Syndrome .
I feel there is n't such a big difference between the palate ( the sense of taste ) between Japanese and English people .
This weekend I went back to my hometown after a three - month interval .
I have been joining chat sessions in English cafe twice a week .
Today , I went to a music studio to play the bass guitar with my friends .
I recently took up using Facebook .
Sometimes , a new person enters your lifeand it seems like there must be a reason why . ( ? )
So , she advises me on ( / about ) how to speak Queen 's .
I did n't feel I did it poorly , but there seemed to be several people applied .
I like to watch movies that make me ponder .
Secondly , let 's consider crops lost to disease and pests .
I got up soon and opened the TV to get the information about it . wrong verb
I know that Japan is being condemned for hunting whales .
However , my guess was wrong .
believe it or not , I have never graduated from high school and yet I am a university student !
his work and consider his achievements as significant
I hope you could correct my English .
Right now I do n't know how to describe my heart .
Today , I had a conversation in English .
So I wanna know what is so great about it .
I think the most important thing to learn in a new language is to memorize a lot of words and idioms untill you are able to read a newspaper without a dictionary .
It 's a romantic memory of my colleague friend , Yvonne
In the evening , we went to site of the festival .
Hi , everyone !
When he returns home from work , my husband often asks me [ dai - sukina - terebi , kyou - mo - takusan - mita ? ] .
The family lives in a large wooden house alongside the baseball field , getting along with friendly neighborhoods and sometimes playing baseball .
It is a sensitive and difficult problem .
They act like they do n't know me . .
I hope you have a nice day .
I did n't wear a lot of clothes . I was wearing only one layer .
It only takes a short time from Prague , where I live , to Paris .
I 'm very excited and happy !
However , their children sometimes do n't understand them and some of them even set themselves against their parents and quarreled with them who are very much concerned about his future .
He is fantastic .
But he was so scared that his heart stopped and he died .
He is a nice composer and wrote / composed the music for one song , which lyrics I wrote .
The celebration was continued until 5 a . m . Then we went to sleep .
I like hamburgers .
I 'm looking forward for you to point out my errors .
I love the movies `` Finding Nemo `` and `` Up `` ~ ~
He joked that he drank the water containing the iodine . He claimed that the current dose of radiation is OK .
She suddenly became aware of it .
What do you think about that ?
I 've been hating Otorohinology
because I like to listen to music .
I got first place .
Although I do n't like writing a diary , even less in English , I 'll keep writing it as much as I can for my writing skill .
In particular , in Japan , we are well on the way to an aging society more and more .
In conclusion , please remember that I always read your compositions even if I do n't correct or comment !
So you should make keep your bellybutton clean too !
When it could find leaks , it repaired the cracks and checked again by pouring water from a hose .
By teaching the new worker , I am starting to have many complicated feelings .
relationship and showed the relationship as below .
Has anybody here read it before ?
But why has it taken this long ? ``
This is a very critical turning point in Japanese history ! .
This is my first entry on Lang - 8 .
Now , because it was over , my chance to talk with foreigners is disappearing ~ so bad , I 'm wondering how can I practice my Japanese since there are only few friends know japanese well .
I am in my university now , but I can not study any more .
Although I still need a long time to write things in English .
I 'll work harder and harder to make a lot of money !
In Odaiba , Japan there is a shopping mall .
He behaved badly , and broke the gift I had given him .
Why do they catch fish if they 're not going to eat them ?
Thank You .
I have to find a good way to put it up . . . . .
I 've even been there 6 - 7 times .
I am writing my first diary .
For example . . .
Is there anyone who wants to study Japanese ?
We learned a lesson , we should drive motorcycles when we visit our teacher next time . = (
I went home to CHUNG - Li yesterday .
Guangdong is located in the south of China .
But our habits and mentality keep us together .
the staff started checking tickets , then finally my turn came .
I felt my eyesight was getting poor ( er ) recently , my contact lenses do n't fit me .
words by heart , listening to some English news , writing something on
Even though it was chilly and there was too much rain , Broadway was fully packed as always .
It feels so ( optional ) hard to get up early , especially in winter .
I had long hair before , but it annoys me when I 'm working at the bookstore .
I do n't believe it .
Since I 've started to work
I want an iPhone4 !
After that she went to our younger son 's day care and picked him up .
However , nowadays , Japanese young people tend to eat fast - food and cooked meals by preference .
Hello everyone , nice to meet you !
Anyway , it 's finished and I can read my favorite books again . . . .
When Japanese men take a public bath , almost all of us cover our sexual symbols with our towel .
I think I should study English and American culture in order to enjoy my trip more next time !
After getting home and having some quick supper and in the meantime , reading the seed manual , I starting to put everything in order .
It had a magnitude of 6 . 1
This artist is my favorite band .
Lastly , I want to say : Nice to meet you ~ ~ ~
I had a TOEIC test last Sunday .
because I do n't have opportunities to speak English in Japan .
Why do you say in French in French
Because I will quit my job .
You should read this book , if you have a chance ! : )
So , first of all is the graph on smoking .
A boat with big group of people put in to the shore , and the crew began unload cargo from the ship .
She was worried about her unrequited love .
Also please correct my English .
which is something delicious ! !
Doctors in Japan generally say you should not drink any alcohol at least once or twice a week to rest your liver .
I learned it very fast and very well .
He examined them and he noticed that the child had been seriously injured .
I also have had hard times .
In fact , we had to run around and look at them .
During the subway ride , I smelt something really disgusting .
It was not as easy as I had expected .
There 's a kind of unreal feeling like after working hard a long time and then someone tells you , `` You 're free now `` .
I uploaded a new picture as my avatar .
When I come back I ` ll write how I spent my vacation . * waiting for your commets and corrections *
On Monday and Tuesday I did n't go to school .
Thanks for reading my diary .
A Boring Day
Today , I had my first
He was hungry , angry and terrible . . .
On this day , my village will celebrate together and enjoy the beautiful fireworks .
I know I 'll havesomething to tell you all if I carry my life by doing some activities even if they 're ordinary .
Yesterday , my friends cooked Vietnamese dishes for me .
That is the only way to protect yourself .
Foreigner , I want to go to your country !
I have made many friends and I have began to study child care .
Thirty minutes before departure , we walked to the gate .
Walking along the lake which nourishes the bamboo , it was lunch time when we got there .
I should tell her how to attach photos to an e - mail when I visit her next time ^ _ ^
Especially my close friends , who have firm principles or their own way of life , which are often quite far from mine 's .
These days , I feel that the Japanese ad - technology buisinesses are improving .
I worry about keeping my valuables , such as my wallet and passport , but I heard Nepal is a good place .
Japanese comedy skits may be too fast for those who are not native Japanese speakers .
He likes sweets as well , so we often share all of our snacks .
I record my favorite program and listen to it when I go to work or while at home .
Firstly my kids got into the ball then the instructor blew it up with a pump .
When I feel the sunrise , I realize that I 'm alive .
It is quite a clear and crisp day today .
I feel horrible in such conditions , but I hate cold weather too !
I 'm grateful to my friend for inviting me to a knitting club that English ladies go to .
and then I participate in my / a study group .
It 's been a long time since I felt those kind of feelings .
- practiced English pronunciation
And I made my bed after I brushed my teeth
He 's also studying English like me .
I 'm a Japanese male & I 'm 29 years old .
Today 's article that I chose for my online lesson was regarding a warning on finger cuts .
I 'm taking a one week vacation this summer .
Do you like this kind of music ?
The area of the land is one acre each .
However , I doubt it 's only MacDonald food , but another fast food aswell .
Because I 'm going to stay with a family .
we turned right and went ahead to the urban area instead of the library .
I am going to go step by step .
I worked in a Japanese restaurant for four years as a waiter and cook .
I have been to a few countires .
I 'm sorry to say this , but the weather forecast says that the next day is going to be rainy , too .
For example , renting a helicopter and managing a vehicle .
This is my first journal on Lang 8 .
because I watched the movie `` The smurfs `` with my friend .
Yesterday , I woke up and had a sore throat .
The key points are the forwards and set plays .
Unpredictable monuments have also appeared there . The meaning is unclear here
I am writing a diary entry after a long interval .
I 'm happy that Autumn is getting closer .
`` how is it then that . . . `` = `` why `` and the usage of `` , as , `` = like
If someone stand at the window at midnight , I can see her clearly ! !
I started watching F - 1 eight or nine years ago and I love it !
Tell me your personal opinion .
The most popular food that is made for this celebration is called `` Ajile Moshkel Gosha `` ; it means `` Problem Solver Nuts `` .
Again , thank you for your comments .
Long time no write .
before I would drink almost everyday .
Or does it mean something different ?
We can go abroad by ship but they 're too slow .
On the other hand , I am busy learning Chinese characters and reading books .
Maybe he has to write a long and boring essay , maybe he has to find a job , maybe he is suffering from a disease , maybe he just lost all his money . . .
I hope we could enjoy sharing topics , helping each other with your Japanese and my English .
Pretend to be a Scottish Fold . . . . . . . . . . .
I confirmed the date when I cut my hair last time , and I knew that I have n't cut my hair since last September ! !
The first reason is that I will able to communicate with people all over the world .
I wonder why Americans did not realize this cooking method .
Last night , I watched another movie .
The body burned , but she released a capsule toward the earth before she was burned .
If you have time , please correct my entry .
I do n't like the cold . . .
There will be a lot of food and drinks served by caterers .
We chooses the name by the feeling of the pronunciation .
A book belonging to a specific subject contains well explanatory content that is presented from the easiest part to the most difficult part .
We also have to obtain a mobile phone for him and go to the ward office
If we lived in countryside with our parents and grandparents altogether , we would have a lot of things to do .
I really enjoyed her preformance
I like to learning many languages but about I 'm not sure about english , I dont want to study it .
Today I spent time studying .
But one month ago , a friend of mine lent me his / hers PS2 .
I know you like fishing ,
People who have cat 's tongue can not avoid the part of the tongue which can sense the heat the best when we eat something hot .
I hope no - one will be killed by this typhoon .
I started working last week of July .
I went to KIM - PO airport yesterday
Ich lernte Deutsch zwei Jahre lang an der Universitat , aber ich habe es vollkommen verlernt .
In the summer , I quite often see some girls who wear bikini 's and lay down in the park .
If people do their hobbies consciously , they can forget their work pressures and release their physical fatigue too .
so the day was cloudy .
Our ancestors left plenty of customs and traditions which not only enrich our lives but also make our lives more meaningful .
I was really looking forward to May 7th ( today )
How do I say this ( sentence ) in Dutch ?
I am taking a marketing course about , and the teacher asked us to formulate a brief plan for a premium vacuum cleaner .
One of the reasons is that the support of space programs will not bring humans a lot of profit .
I have just come back home .
The cockroach is my eternal enemy . . .
Problems with Influenza
Now I am having my summer holidays .
Last month I borrowed the Manga called `` Hana - Kimi , for you in full blossom . ``
I must study to pass the examination .
I did n't go out lately , so I enjoyed it .
It looks exactly like an excited fight .
Let me see . . . I do n't know the details .
Maybe you are n't interested in cherry blossoms . . . `` he said .
I am reading a book and I do n't understand something about question - tag It is difficult to me but before I asked Rosie on MSN so I would like to ask you again .
When taking a walk in the morning , I enjoy how my white breath moves like smoke and dissipates somewhere .
It is my first time to live in a foreign country so everything is new to me : )
Thanks for inviting me as a friend
I am going to introduce Taiwan to a France lady , who is my mother 's business partner , next Monday , and it will be her first time visiting Taiwan .
In my literature class , I have to read a lot of novels and study a lot of difficult vocabulary such as `` demythologize `` ( is there anyone who uses this word in real life ?
When you want to pay money to register , the shop will multiply by 1 . 15 .
I made a `` Mizuyoukan `` , a dish made with sweets . I used only sweet bean paste , vegetable ( seaweed ) gelatin and water . Only three ingredients ! !
Now I can see what I really want to do , I will go my way toward a good future from now .
This is why seafood is often seen in Barcelona .
I 'm a good singer . - ^ _ ^
The indoor temperature also rises up to around 32 Centigrade .
When I was a kid , I believed that rabbits lived in the moon .
I do n't want to buy one from a Chinese reseller on the Internet .
It is a part of both my memories and my life .
The important thing is that they have a good relationship .
She 's never gone to another country , even the US .
so I was looking forward to it
I think I am a coward because I am afraid of so many things .
I hope the situation turns better .
Our music director chose very rhythmic and complex music .
A couple of French girls were on my floor , now they have left .
Sadly , I think that we have poor minds nevertheless we live in Japan .
Last time , I could barely understand the details of the agenda .
But they never use those words to express their opinions and sense unlike humans .
I like studing both because I would like to speak them fluently . That is why I have taken many English and Chinese classes .
For now , the fever is gone .
But when I recognized the fact that almost everyone who loves sakehas died ofcancer or has made themselves as an alcoholic , I was shocked .
My school life was always enjoyable ! ! ! !
Yesterday , I imagined myself at another time and in another place , so I was very happy .
But you are the person who sides with me no matter what .
It is common on a breakfast menu in Japan too .
If I would be able to speak English better , I would read more books and enjoy travelling ( even more )
We have to change article 9 of the constitution ! ! !
Li Yuanni has no idea that her decision is overheard by her daughter Fang Deng , the female twin .
In my opinion , to be a good researcher it is necessary to have the experience of collaborating with famous researchers .
This year I 've started to study ballet . It 's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child , or at least that was I always thought , but I was lucky to have the chance .
A street was flooded and I was caught in a traffic jam .
The main problem is that Jiro is not the main character so he does not appear that often .
I 'll do my best this year .
I could n't say anything back because I can not speak Korean , but my western friends could .
Cooking ! !
They are very crispy and salty .
Menma is Chinese bamboo shoots that have been dried , soaked in water and then seasoned for use in cooking .
I 'm spending my time for thinking what could I do to have fun ?
Even in the period of crisis our women like to get dressed up .
Well , do you have some fantastic ideas for me ?
So I often forget a lot of the things that I wanted to do .
I feel that I will have good dreams in tonight .
I sometimes do something while humming a tune .
mandatory for all of us to give blood in school , I was afraid of rolling up my
because my mom likes when I study , listen , write or speak in English , and now I am writing an English diary . . . .
Of course , there is a lot of competition .
I 'm thinking about straightening up my clothes today .
I think curry rice must be the no . 1 food in Japan .
I 'll write a summary of the story of Takekurabe next time .
I think it is unfair
Maybe we should have a professional person come and clean about every half - year .
If I have time again , I want to go to the Zoo again with my family .
It rained today .
If I meet you this summer . .
This evening , I drove to my friends ' place to enjoy dinner with them .
I have terrible writing because I do n't have someone who
It has animals magnets of 20 pieces and explanation of how each animals lives .
Ives is famous among the British for its beautiful beach , I heard .
My school classes start next week .
I rented an apartment and I 've done everything I have to do for this college .
`` Piacere di conoscer - la / ti `` to which you can reply :
When I got back to the photocopier and was about to start , Judy came in the room and told me that she recalled that the machine would n't recognize the size automatically ; we had to use the buttons on the panel to set the size explicitly .
So I should study English .
First of all , if I have kids , I wo n't take them there !
I also heard the siren of the ambulance ( everywhere ? ) during New Year period .
I bathed in the hot springs .
As a result , these experiences will be useful for their career .
I do n't watch movie often , not to mention knowing movie stars .
My poor English
I was accidentally attracted by a JP learning magazine .
As you know well , Japanese is a minor language .
whether to bite from the head or to bite from the tail ?
Do you know what futsal is ?
this phrase contains the most impressive words for me in junior high scool .
And if there is more natural way to say that , I 'd appreciate it if you told me how .
But today , I am going to put new songs on my iPod .
Most bus stops were passed because there was no one waiting at them , and sometimes people ran after the bus to ask it to stop .
See , this `` www `` shows laughing in Japanese .
I ca n't go to a university
This is why I want to hone my English until I get confident , although , I do n't know when the time will comes . . .
But instead , he smiled .
However , disobeying unjust laws is vital for us .
That should be the only opportunity in my life time .
For my Fisrt Day
So the older person could not sit down .
The most important thing for me at the moment is to sustain good condition .
I want to introduce my character today .
So I was late for the class little bit .
The John Cusack movie was also awesome !
I wonder why The Big Bang Theory got / received no awards , because I love it so much .
I was bored with his lesson .
When I am halfway through cooking dinner , I already feel full .
Last Sunday I went to a / the movie theatre .
I like children , but I think parenting is so hard .
She could n't communicate with me in only Japanese .
I wanted to eat it and I looked for a store selling it .
We ordered delivery chicken at our home and drank beer & soju .
After that , she wassomoved that she wept with joy .
I will learn it !
Good luck though ! ``
I think this is better than sitting in a closed room for a lecture .
Ramen is Japanese noodle and it 's very delicious .
Today , I made an ID on Lang - 8 and surfed this website .
I just want to sit and not move at all .
Changing the topic , I have only a four - months stay in NY left .
I watched a Korean drama .
then at
yeah it 's natural
According to a newspaper , this month will likely be the hottest August since 1946 .
My hobbies are surfing the internet and skateboarding , dancing and riding bmx .
It means people become tired because of new surroundings , for example , new school starts , new life , new term , and so on .
Staying in Kyoto is very comfortable for our family , I don ` t have to care about radiation , blackouts and aftershocks .
After finished movie , I was searched the internet for the music .
It 's a hot morning in Tokyo .
However , my speaking skills are much poorer than writing skills . ( skill is )
I went to `` Mickey House `` an English conversation cafe in Takadanobaba and was talking with foreigners .
You can see from the pictures , they love bread .
so I do n't want to go hostfamilies who are n't conversational .
This is not good news for real estate prospectors ,
What do you think ?
I was impressed with its library that had a large number of beautiful old books neatly arranged on the bookshelves
tomorrow I have a class assembly !
While waiting the line , I feel sorry for them ,
Sakura is blooming but it 's a little cold every day so many Japanese people have not realized the coming of Spring .
At that time , electricity had returned .
Today 's English conversation class was cancelled because of the earthquake and rolling blackouts .
I 've heard that it is beautiful .
15 co - workers including me , gathered at a restaurant where we used to hold parties in old days .
a cozy atmosphere .
We did it !
perhaps this : `` But my English vocabulary is pitiful ``
The message was very interesting . `` Hey , I know a very good man who said he liked you very much .
The thing is I have a class today , but attendance is optional since it 's the weekend .
I 've already read `` The Catcher In The Rye `` by J .
Sometimes my friends visit me during my work .
Recently I 've been so busy with my study and part time jobs .
I listen to English a program on my ipod every morning while I 'm on the train going to my work .
Sunday , August 29th
After finishing the meeting , we had a good time drinking coffee .
And , I have a lot of work to do .
I always feel very tired .
They were very surprised but it seemed they did n't really mind .
I heard from my friend about Lang - 8 , and that it is a good study method for me .
describes the difficulties practicing in a music club .
Of course many people die in this show .
Sometimes there will be problems when you change culture .
However , the most depressing thing is I might move to a new campus with my classmates that is far from the city center , far from my girlfriend , far from my love . I have no choice but to try a long distance love .
Actually , I can understand everything , it 's just that when it comes to talking , I get anxious .
Regardless of the subject of a sentence , you must not forget to add `` ha `` .
So we might have no classes .
After a long time I come back now , and I am very happy to be able to write again for my friends .
I went to a bedrock spring and a manga - kissa today .
Last night , when I emailed a Lang - 8 friend , my friend called me .
He felt something was weird , but he was too excited to think carefully .
Therefore , I used to holiday 's life .
That is the only reason why I 'm here today ! ! ! ! ``
I 'd better check doors to make sure they are closed every time : )
It 's one of the famous sporting goods for those people who do not go outside or register gym ( I corrected it because it was awkward ) .
I was unhappy because of my monthly test .
But I can not think of more sentences because of my English skills .
) I tried to fix my hair with a hair dryer , but I failed .
Some roads became rivers .
I really like staying / to stay at home .
I know why I could n't get even a job interview , it was caused by my lack of experience for this position .
I say a extraordinary phenomenon : everyone is extremely excited .
Noy is always confused about which day it is .
I looked up at my face and the barber in the mirror .
I 'm seeking a way of how to make the organization the best it can be .
I will go to Malaysia in January 2011 to study English .
My English is poor , so I want to improve it ,
I am always hoping to ship the items with cheaper prices but they try to send an offer that is an expensive shipping cost .
I 'll update the rest of the pictures as soon as possible .
Although we normally eat two doughnuts , one of my coworkers has eaten 14 doughnuts today .
I only used aniPhone 4 with the help of many talented people by using the application
and I would like to inspire to everyone 's efforts .
In addition , my friends will act as emcee and perform rock - and - roll tonight .
She is 49 now but she looks great and is full of energy .
I often go to a climbing gym every weekend .
It was really fun .
But this thinking never lasts .
I need Courage .
My car was in the service station so I had four free hours .
But it was a great place ! ! ! ! Especially the limestone cave .
The fact is that some doctors suggested that she had better pay attention to H1N1 .
Today I went to Kokyo , where the Japanese imperial family lives , to view sakura .
It has been a month since I last saw him .
Communication is very important in my job .
I want to watch anime ! !
In addition , planning ahead has economical benefits .
So , me and her might be family .
I think informing people about Japanese will be a little bit difficult .
Especially English Conversation II and the Oriental Understanding course .
Now , I am home .
Because of the school garden party ,
A lot of people normally pay their insurance premiums by credit card as ( because ) it guarantees the above benefits .
The film is full of important American events such as The Vietnam war and others .
I 'm going to Australia for 12 days , 7 - 18 March .
I was cycling along the river with Yuya , who was riding behind me and shooting camera with a lot of enthusiasim .
I 'd like to help everybody ( no comma ) with learning my native languages !
Was it good or not ?
What is your high score ?
Furthermore , every single pack of cigarette contains advertisements which give us warning with horrible pictures about the harms of smoking ( Such as cancers ) .
Now , I 'll do my washing and cleaning ; )
I often go to this hair shop everytime I needed a haircut .
I can read English to some extent because I have been learning English for more than 10 years , from junior high school to university , but I have not practiced writing , listening to and speaking English .
I got the flu the day before yesterday .
Please teach / help me with my English !
A : Uh - huh , what was your dream like ?
The new supervisor of soccer was decided yesterday in japan .
The problem started when I decided to take a walk .
Please teach me English and correct my sentences .
I 'm not even good at Japanese tongue twisters .
They are stronger and sweeter than tJapanese sweets .
It 's one of English tests .
Hello , everyone ! My name is Rita . I am a middle school student from Guangdong , China .
I studying every day except Sunday to enter the college that I want to go to .
But I ca n't figure out the following sentence :
What I want to know is whether shaving pubic hair is natural / normal all over the world or not .
These below are my short diary entries from my twitter blog .
When morning broke , the force of the fire had abated .
And he does n't have his own name !
But I was broke , I only had 900 bucks in my account and I wanted to try to stay there about 1 year so I had to start working as soon as possible . If I could n't find a job in about a week , I 'd be in trouble .
And , in Japan , there is many Itarian restaurants , so it can be said Italy is near to me .
victory speech on TV , I cried even though I 'm Japanese .
Krabi is a wonderful place !
She already fell down the stairs twice .
I will receive the results of the health checkup later this month .
Last Friday , my friend 's research on aging was broadcast on TV .
it was a bit sad .
I want to be a person who can do anything myself .
Rainy season had just come to Kyoto today .
I 'm a student who studies Industrial Design .
It teaches me a lot .
After I studied at the ESL school in the University of Regina , I started a part time job in English Language School .
Rakuten 's president said that speaking in English is inevitable to expand its business outside of Japan since Japanese market is shrinking due to the reduction of population .
You guys are the cause of a gap between the rich and poor .
Hmm , I am suffering from this choice . . .
If you are in Japan , I recommend you meet the 14th Dalai Lama .
I had no courage to enter the circles among them .
I am learning English . I want to make penpals .
He wrote in his introduction on his profile that
Rub the cabbage with the spices .
I do n't know whether they have improved or not ,
Though I remember words everyday and when I read an english article it is so hard and I come across so many unknow words .
A wonderful event has been held in Okinawa .
situation when no words come to mind and it causes an uncomfortable quiet ( silence ) .
I have been there before , so I guided her .
However , many years later I 've gone back to the swimming pool again . I do n't want to ask for a coach 's help and also have confidence that I can learn it independently .
Ich bin Hattory .
It was fascinating to boys .
I 'm not Christian but I 'm always glad on Christmas .
There is a Japan vs Netherland game on now ^ ^
I mean , they do n't have to ; no , no , they should not write letters with their blood .
But I could n't even imagine that someday sportcars would be manufactured IN RUSSIA !
Finaly , I put all of the above in the soup .
Tomorrow , do n't come , please ! !
Just call me ' Som '
Hiraizumi is an important historical and cultural place .
Last month I watched a new Detective Conan movie , Quarter of Silence .
* * * , Unfortunately , I could n't open the link of your photo by unknown reason .
I like to watch singles figure skating .
I found to be very interesting and useful
How can I improve if nobody corrects my diary ?
They were talking about the principal wanting to attend an ' agriculture highschool conference ' .
My lunch today
One way / method / technique is reading a lot of novels , articles and manga that are easy , interesting and meaningful to learners .
or a conservative medical treatment with a special cast .
We can decrease the amount of wasted food , electricity and so on .
I heard that Kuruneko , which is a cartoon in Japan , was popular with children .
I 'm in my thirties .
I 've stopped caring about things around me .
There were 10 other people that came when we met
From that time on , I began to study hard , because I began to believe in myself .
I want to go to abroad to study . . .
I am going to take the final .
However , I 'm just a junior high school student ! !
Whatever you 've done
She is still alive , but has been unconscious since the operation .
We wish those victims can get through this disaster .
She is good at English and she is also learning Japanese .
They are very useful to me , and I have made many friends through learning English .
English is the main language used all over the world .
So far , based on my experience , ' endic .
So , I have to study English well to get my English skill up .
I like my name , so I try to live my life in regards to my name 's meaning .
But I don ` t want to do it !
Today is a special day . I dont know why , but I 'm sure of that .
because I want to go around the world
Furthermore , most movies , programs and shows in our country contain too many biases .
I want to eat it but if my dream comes true , I would get fat .
So I dressed in a fashionable way
To sum up the story , it is as follows .
That movie is very interesting .
Frankly , I 've been a night person since I was a small kid because I 'm a sleepyhead .
We have no school events anymore .
When you ca n't find an answer in your life , how do you do it ?
With their thin rubber soles and divided toes , jikatabe are convenient and safe for unstable construction sites .
To make 1 sample , it takes around 1 or 2 hours .
In this diary , I will ( I 'll ) try to explain my soccer experience .
I 've recently started taking an interest in photography again .
because I 'm not used to going on trips , especially to foreign countries .
parade our poor language ability on the internet ?
You have to wait for the next train for two hours . . . ``
The main character is a boy who makes sarcastic and cynical remarks about almost every person he sees .
Then , we walked along the river side .
Competing with
Except I had work last Saturday .
However , I 'm not depressed because the holiday gave me a lot of energy .
I want to do even better ! !
Crying without reason
Vietnam also has winter .
I drew a cute pink cat the first time , but I coud n't draw any interesting pictures .
My name is Penny , and I live in Taiwan .
It is a quotation for me .
I take many photos of t people , friends , landscapes , buildings , and so on .
I believe I will be good at them someday .
I feel reluctant to put away things these days .
One of my old classmates invited me to her home .
Or maybe a web - site ?
It was really good to see members and to talk a lot .
And wait for their future generations to visit and clean the tomb .
He belongs to X Japan .
I told her `` Could we sit there ? `` She was surprised a lot . / She looked surprised .
But , I ca n't decide which seminar I should take .
I could not attend my graduation ceremony in Australia because I came back to Japan for my sister 's wedding .
I hope I can eat BBQ with my family .
Recently I saw this .
Please correct these sentences . If additional sentences are needed , please add them .
The time difference between the UK and Japan is 9 hours , so I 'm suffering jet lag as usual .
In my case , I 'm always afraid of changing hair salons after I move to another place .
There is soy sauce soup , miso soup , tonkotsu soup that is soup pork bones , and salt soup .
Now I 'm studying in Shanghai Ocean University .
I have to quit doing this quickly .
As a result , if his children live with his ex - wife far from the dead husband and do not have contact with him , the people who manege his inheritance are very troubled about what to do with it
Yesterday I got a chance to work for a venture company as an intern .
Furthermore , I have a career as a photographer .
Now , I really enjoy watching sports and ESPN .
There are some countries that use this system , but Japan does n't .
You are the only person to reply the answer .
There is snow in the winter .
I 'm a 25 year old girl from Italy , and I want to improve my english because next month I will go to australia to study and to look for a job .
Currently he lives in Kochi prefecture as a diving instractor .
If so , what is the meaning of change ? Continuing to change to a third one ?
I hope I spend valuable time in this place .
Some of them speak English , but most of them only speak African .
Today , I have much free time and I watched two episodes
We 're goint to practice for 2 hours .
Now , as an adult , we have more responsibility .
Already uncomfortable with muggy weeather , their loud sounds make me feel much more uncomfortable !
my master 's degree in teaching Chinese as an second language .
Theresult ( ? ) is known by only by God .
In this drama , I often heard `` I promise `` and `` Trust me `` , words like this .
I made my account on skype .
We lied down on the beach for a while .
I learned the grammar structure a long time ago and I think I understand them .
They are really cool pants .
At that time , I wondered about the deference between what and how .
Even though I do n't have to go school , I ca n't fall asleep .
But if you close your eyes and bring your finger close to there , you will still feel irritated .
I just need to kick out my gloomy feelings and look at the blue sky that is spreading out over my head .
Well nice to meet you my friends .
My body is getting healthier , and with the intimacy of my younger brother , it 's easier to exercise
But this test does n't test for speaking ability .
I was in Kumamoto for a month .
I will take the TOIEC examination in September , so I 'm studying difficult
Yesterday we had a discussion concerning illegal foreign workers .
My family used to displaysimply two Hina dolls which are the Odairi - sama and the Ohina - sama for my daughter .
On the other hand , I could be of help with Japanese .
Or , I wonder if I can record it by myself .
I asked him ( his ) secret to losing weight , and he said he has exercised with the `` Billy 's boot camp `` DVD program everyday ! !
I like Hong Kong because people are very passionate .
I want to watch a baseball game , but there is n't a game tomorrow .
So it does n't mean just snow in Spring .
article .
I tend to think negatively when I fail . I want to be able to think postively all the time .
As soon as I started running , it broke .
I just did arrangements around my desk so calmly and looked around in the class .
I should not only write English but also speak English !
Finally , it worked !
So , I 'm afraid of an invitation to telephone conference .
For example , in China , when a child says something sordidly , people often shout at them or even beat them .
Everyone appreciates the seasons .
During Setsubun we throw roasted soy beans while saying `` Oni wa soto `` which means `` Devils !
Mr Spry sold sweets and cigarettes , at his shop .
First , I 'll go to a BBQ party next Saturday !
Ha ~ ha , in China , you can find various rip - off cell phones .
I got a new phone today .
It was so exciting ! ! : - )
When I put on UV protection lotion in the morning , I leave it on my face for a couple of minutes before I start with my make - up .
Frankly , at that time , I thought I could kill someone in that situation .
We can easily find a causative agent if we do a blood test .
At the first party , my friend who I met in NY told me they are going to study at a University in Hawaii .
We ate japanese food and took many pictures in the restaurant .
Maybe I have a cold .
The hero Sorole has been strongly attracted to a palace dancer .
However I do n't think that is enough .
I have the third music class out of the fourth period today .
But teaching is a practical , not a theoretical skill .
I heard him crying louder in the bathroom , and at the same time I overheard my daughter singing her original , meaningless songs in the living room .
But contrary to what this video shows / says / implies , in most public spaces in Japan , such as stations , you can get information in English .
She is my best friend and we kicked it everyday ! ! ! !
It was a difficulty subject .
Therefore , I believe that we need artificial sweeteners as a substitute of sugar .
It has to be completed by the end of the year .
Yesterday , the Dubai World Cup ( horse racing ) was held in Dubai .
I hate math , so I always get a bad score ,
When my partner told me we are ( were ) going to talk about `` ( The ) Difference between men and women `` tomorrow , I could n't help but laugh .
I might need to consider using some product to reduce her stress , so that she wo n't hurt him !
Of course , I wanna help with writing Japanese , which I am confident about .
But as I said in my last diary entry , there was very heavy rainfall until yesterday in Japan .
I 'm planning to travel to Europe next .
At the beginning , they brought all of the dishes we ordered soon but as it was getting crowded we had to wait for awhile .
We must send our worksheets with exercises to the manager of this course .
I 'm studying English , though .
Most Japanese know about popular ( good old ) mangas ( no comma ) like `` Doraemon . ``
It should be someone who is chosen by the aliens .
Thank you all for reading my writing ! ! !
You 'll get a lot good advice so you can further improve your skills .
I think that I am catching a cold . . .
My son is the drummer .
He always say to me that `` You need to come to China . ``
That 's because I can communicate with people all over the world and I can make friends through learning English .
It seemed to be a good game .
So we left the room in a hurry to get home .
Every day off , he goes to various hospitals to see doctors .
I hope those victims suffering from HIV can be strong enough to face the truth .
Many people buy Takarkuji lottery tickets , hoping to win big money .
so I went to my doctor .
My english is still poor , but I 'd love to improve it .
y Since I live alone so I ( Iusually / always ) make my own dinner . )
After class I came back to my dormitory with my friends to cook together .
Moving sometimes works against me .
Thanks for sharing this site
This may not be the case .
The following URL is a sound file made by me and my Japanese friend .
Every day I take a bus at the same time
For example , in en elementary school , you can learn the way of communication not to mention studying , and you can learn to cooperate with your friends in a junior high school and high school .
My latest goal is to decrease my weight by 1 kilogram in less than 10 days .
I want to do a lot of study for my qualification .
I replied `` This is ~ `` `` this is ~ `` `` this is ~ `` .
It 's just like the flow of water .
The test went so - so .
So I picked a little book that I knew I would read fast that I have n't read yet called * Death in Venice * by Thomas Mann . . . . . .
I 'm / am really happy to find them on MSN because I can use English with them .
I cleaned my room yesterday night .
There are a lot of things have to do and at the same time , our English teacher wants to open a debate competition about whether solitude is good or bad for you .
Watching these videos seems just a waste of time , haha . .
The place where I live has no jobs anymore , only big cities do .
Today is April 26th , which leads to me being more attentive , because the `` Interpreting Oral Test `` is around the corner and I 'm serious about it .
It feels like freedom ! !
Saving electricity
That is to say , it would be enough safe to live nearby
I guess I should look for more situations that require using English .
It is because of the schedule that some of us quit .
I usually work in central Tokyo .
Everybody is drinking and geting highper !
I knew her from the international church .
In Japan , parents say to their children ' I will throw one thousand needles at you ' if they do bad things .
Well , I will write about me .
I went to the party last night from 1AM to5AM , but I had to work at McDonald ' s
It was very romantic , so many lovers went out on dates .
I still have a meeting for this subject tomorrow .
Sometimes I have worked overnight .
The fireworks was held at 7 : 30 p . m .
I will try to enjoy myself and write in it everyday .
The many posters and public announcements help people keep good manners .
I have thought about improving my painting skills by taking various classes in English from many porcelain artists all over the world .
It 's getting warmer and warmer now .
One day a rabbit and a turtle were talking with each other .
Now , I can relax because the the capacity is 2GB and the design of the MacBook is cute .
But I got tired after an hour .
there was an aftershock and the builging shook like pudding .
At first , monks stood up and held demonstrations to help the plight of the people .
I 'm working at * Roppongi , Tokyo as a legal secretary .
At any rate , he finished an important mission .
Can you hear me ?
but I caught a cold yesterday .
They usually work well , but their effect may not be strong enough to fight against so much pollen this year .
I am from Russia .
House prices and rent are ridiculously high .
I hope that everyone has a good week ! !
I know my English sucks .
I think I need more practice ! !
Now , I have three extra Windows 7 licenses and no one wants to buy them from me because they know they can get a student discount .
I always could see a lot of snow , ice , and no people in the street !
Of course , there are few places to spend their pay , but do n't you think the pay for their valuable 2 years is too small ? !
In the evening , we went to rent some DVDs from a video
I let her watch a movie about `` Anpanman `` , a famous Japanese anime hero , and all of a sudden , she regained her energy like Anpanman , who always shouts `` I am encouraged 100 times ! `` .
When I was in Vancouver , there were firework competitions .
I never paid any attention to English grammar , but well , it does n't matter .
Could you please help me to find an English book with about 50 pages ?
What kind of present would you like to get if you were turning 18 years old ?
Recently , I have trouble listening to English .
Shan is my telephone English Teacher . ( ? )
I read news in English every day .
I did n't know `` Che Guevarra `` till today because I do n't know about the Cuban Revolution very well .
My company cell phone is broken .
So I need help to improve my English . I hope you can give me a hand .
The numbers are very small .
The problem is , this training school gives me a `` transportation card `` , which you can use to take buses or the undergound in return for my recommendation .
However , it rained daily last week .
I 'm a social smoker .
I am from Korea .
I thought that there is no way , because he is 17 years old .
Even if I tell my friend , I probably wo n't come to a solution .
Everyday I just stay at school , study and study ; it 's really very boring , and the worst thing is no one can understand me : my friends just think I need to study , so do my parents . However , I do n't want to study anymore . I am grown up . I can make the choices which way I should go . I know what I should do .
Being an office worker lets me know the importance of languages because we always need to communicate with US customers .
That is 2 cups of rice ! > Sorry . . .
My father had just came back home .
I will write as often as possible .
He was not a starting member .
But actually the weather is like this .
BUT I tend to skip this kind of topic .
A hot day is OK .
I have a lot of nice knowing ( memories ? ) in Japan .
There is not so much difference between communications by using it and face - to face one .
He seems to be enjoying the class now .
I need them someday .
I think having friends in a foreign country is beneficial .
It is very tough .
Before I recieve ( my or the ) contact lenses , I will practice to put them in .
I could enjoy my Hong Kong dream for a while .
Thirdly , it 's necessary for Japan to play an important role for the environmental problems .
Although I spent my birthday in a foreign country , My Korean friends congratulated me on the Internet .
After ordering online from a printing company , I fell asleep although I had to leave my home by at least 9 : 00 a . m . for the bus .
Today I saw a movie , Before Sunrise .
It 's called a Community Project .
When it comes to teamwork , the team must be aggressive , have great confidence , and also know their opponent well .
I returned books and went back home at once because I 'm not interesting alcohol .
But I could not find the book I was looking for .
I attended the class of English fairy tales .
It is October now but the weather in Hong Kong can still be regarded as SUMMER !
We were told to save electricity in the summer time because of the lack of electricity due to the stop in nuclear power plant operation since the huge earthquake .
This is the happy ending for Rachel and Ross .
I took an hour by plane to the Buffalo airport .
By the way , I 'm going to sing karaoke now , which I talked about yesterday .
Another aspect of importance is the fact that many motorists have ignored their duty to oblige traffic laws .
It 's been warm recently , and I 'm happy for that .
He was her mentor .
As I had unluckily forgotten my schedule - book at home , I could n't be sure whether I 'd mistaken the date or not .
Yesterday , I went to my adult college to pay my fees and receive my new books .
It seems that the time does n't . pass
I 'll write the following story next day .
Today , I would like to introduce a Japanese comic .
Finally I 've finished my exams ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We tell others . our schedule for the day .
The decision is theirs .
Hi everyone !
I prayed for my happiness this new year .
Is the iPhone is good or bad ?
Nice to meet you .
In Japan we eat and drink while watching the cherry blossoms .
There was an English official certification in Japan .
I think English is very hard .
Last week , I went to Australia for a & nbsp ; friends wedding .
My Friends ( One is Korean , Another is Chinese ) are more informed about Japanese TV Drama than me ( I 'm Japanese ! ) .
I re - register in my english class yesterday so I must hit the sack earlier than before but I ca n't sleep .
m ) , my son and I took a bath right away .
I 'm a member of an English speaking club .
Perhaps , I can start to expand the range of my interests from tomorrow . . . .
So , I hurried to TD Canada ( Canadian Banking )
The competition was seen on TV in Australia .
I think All Japanese know it .
To make friends or to get a job ?
While I was working for a previous company , I developed software with a Chinese company .
Though I have never spoken in English , I want to talk with people in other English speaking countries .
Yesterday I bought a GRAN TURISMO 5 , which is a racing game for SONY Playstation 3 .
Who will do it if not you ?
If you can , I would be really glad that you could check my dialy .
I was so glad when she invited me .
I like the feeling of going out without an umbrella and getting totally wet .
It is very warm and the cherries are very beautiful .
Please ask if you want to know about me .
I was already 20 minutes late for the first period .
I 'm from china , so I think I can help people
He kindly taught me some stretching exercises and how to use a machine exercise and I did them for a short time .
The operation took about five hours , but it felt shorter .
And then , we went to a `` teokbokki `` vendor because he said he was dying of hunger .
It rained heavily today for the whole day .
I 've had My head feels fuzzy with a slight of fever , and its seems like I have been catching a cold .
I hope I can improve my language skills and make a lot of friends from all over the world !
Because some foreign people tend to think with despiser that Japanese people just love drinking and we do on many occasions , I think .
There you go , guys !
I thought it was very interesting
He also said that he is going to send me some German sweets called `` Harobo `` !
Have guys , ever seen the movie `` The Devil Wears Prada ``
I watched `` Code Geass , `` which is a Japanese anime , a week ago .
Japan does n't have big falls .
Also some people use the Internet all day long .
This weekend , we went to a park that had some cows , goats , horses , and sheep .
I regard it as a drama .
Both teams consisted of 4th grade boys .
The more the better ! !
Betty looked like Daniel 's mother in season 1 , but he was then caring for her in season3 .
I 'm going to congratulate my friends from now on .
( However there are violent scenes in this anime , so if you feel not good with violence , please do n't watch it . )
Last week , I had been working non - stop .
Simply because that was my number in my soccer team .
I lost my contact lens the other day .
As a result , I said to her `` I ca n't trust your advice .
Yesterday , I still had not received any results .
The score of math is half of the score which I got on the last test .
while l was coming home , I prayed for water in my home
if you have , I want to hear your story .
I was very tired yesterday .
This term was so long , and so tiring for me .
My mom bought him delivery sushi .
There is a smell like urine , filled in the train .
I read a periodic English newspaper .
I was surprised because I could n't catch what the speaker said .
I did n't understand how good my home was
I want to go to an event like that again .
I laid my book face down ,
So , I decided to write about it in my diary .
Our country scored a goal in seven minutes
Sometimes , I ask that question of myself . . .
It was just amazing !
It is very expensive but it did not satisfy me , because it is a little bigger than I thought .
When I wrote it , I intended to speak highly of him .
Her favorite words are Mama , Papa , food , eye , nose , hair , dog , cat , elefant , rabit , panda , bus , and ears .
It was more fun to see others climbing for me : )
I also think about when foreigners watched Japanese movies with English dubbing , how they listen to our different dialects .
And I impressed with their `` haiku `` poetry .
We put beef and some vegetables ( cabbage , chinese chive , bean sprouts , etc . ) in the pot and stewed them .
Starbucks will offer a new Tumbler every season .
Korea is a small country .
But when I looked at myself in a mirror , I could see that the coat was causing love handles on my back ,
I stayed in a Capsul hotel in Shibuya yesterday .
They say its taste is bitter .
Hello there !
I was off today .
I began using Lang - 8 today .
`` as if she was a little kid , she tried to escape to our dog .
But before I realize it , the temperature setting is back to the previous setting .
When the bus , I was in , stopped because of a car in front of us another bus behind us crashed into us .
I want to practice more but I do n't want to receive complaints from my neighbors because of playing too late .
Hey , guys , is it true that the word `` one - piece `` also means a condom ?
Unfortunately , there are two problems concerning this suggestion .
it looks like rain .
it 's okay .
Honestly , I do n't know when I will use English at work because of the work style .
I have been living in Australia since April .
I keep on making mistakes .
I might put on weight .
To conclude , because of convenient recall after communication and easily thinking twice before responding using e - mail , we could make use of e - mail to accomplish a bunch of crucial things .
I ca n't do it .
I hope we get great jobs after graduation .
In Japan , there are many different kinds of miso .
I 'm surprised that being imprisoned is so common .
Finally , they came , and we drank together .
In the old days , I worked at a broadcasting station .
Are you in a hurry ? ``
I took the TOEIC test at Tokyo Big Site .
Of course , I can not improve my speaking skill with radio .
I burned the trash in my garden a little while ago this evening .
Having trouble with my neighbor .
I want more time to study English ?
One day , I hope my name will be in some movie credits .
Her back pain that lasted a few weeks was derived from the abscess !
I am so surprised when I read those statistics stated above .
It was a 1 - day internship .
So , what do you have so far ?
We got on the train at Wadamachi station of Sotetsu line and got off at Nishiy station .
For example , the way to earn and how to use it is so similar to the existing service .
Today , when I was taking an exam , the bell suddenly rang and it was a fire drill .
I want to scratch myself but I know I should n't .
They both said the same things .
The thing that I have to do now , is to make an effort to improve my English skills ! !
but I will do my best !
After day The next day , we went to the lake and rode on a boat .
I did my best to finish it , but I did not know how to translate some words in a professional manner , So I am not sure my report was correct .
Today is n't my day because I would like to buy some delicious egg tarts after finishing my mission but all the egg tarts had sold out . . .
Are the following phrases the same ?
The famous German Psychic - prediction Octopus `` paul `` chose Spain .
What are you up too these days ?
Also I 'm learning Italian .
Whenever I ride on the Shinkansen , I always fall asleep .
There is a small restaurant by my office .
I won the semi final English speech contest .
but my heart was beating very fast .
* * * * I 'm sorry to write a dirty diary .
So , it was an exciting and interesting movie but I was so scared
There has been no ' meltdown ' in any nuclear power stations in Japan .
I do n't want my fish to die , even though I have been keeping it for more than 10 years .
Tomorrow I have to go to university and barber shop , study English , and prepare
Today , I am writing a diary about my hometown .
and not a cloud in the sky ! !
Now that I have finished final exams , I want to study English
Until today I have a lot of heavy tests , so I all I did was study , study and study ( I cut down even on sleeping , these days I went to the bed at 5 : 00a . m . and I still went to university
I wish that she can live every day happily !
I 'll be glad to help everybody with Russian = )
This is my first Lang - 8 diary entry .
I ` d like to write my profile in 4 languages .
I 'll write about my hobbies next time .
The weather has been so frosty so far .
I 'm writing a story at school with my friend Yuri !
After that , I smiled at him from the heart .
I did n't eat lunch because I felt sick .
So I hope some day we can meet again in heaven .
Whenever I change the battery , the clock on my cell phone will reset itself to 00 : 00 .
The teacher is British .
I watched grasses called `` Iwadaresou `` .
So we began talking in English .
While watching posted videos on Youtube , I am discouraged
But recently , I have n't gone .
Besides , as a student study of science , I am still surprised to notice all my teachers are men . And , my English teacher comes from Australia . I have n't been taught by a foreigner before .
I know the major earthquake in Japan the other day was a very big shock to not only the people in Japan , but also in other countries , and even now , many people are still worried about Japan .
I 'm writing this at midnight .
I think it 's huge progress that I finally sent the second e - mail to the Bhutan tour agency .
They said , `` There 's no problem with your visa !
Other shows that I love are `` The Closer , `` `` Sex and the City , `` and `` American Idol `` - - which is not a drama , but there are more drama queens in this show than any TV dramas , especially in this Season 8 . the
I want to make friends who like Cerezo Osaka , soccer , or like movies .
My lunch break is about to end .
I want to practice really hard and become good .
all my feelings
On the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
For instance , consider the subject of philosophy .
Thanks for helping ( ? ) and have a good day ^ ^
So , I did n't have much experience with BBQs before .
It snowed from yesterday night , and we have 2cm snow this morning .
I have already donated money to the Tohoku disaster area , but I 'm also going to go to watchthe match if I can get tickets .
Because of examinations ' failure , I have a task due to next week .
I hope I can find something which can spur me to study hard like before .
I 'm a lazy person so I quickly give up keeping a diary .
' What time is this shop going to close today ? '
Second is knowledge .
life has no end of troubles .
We 'll talk and have a better time .
because I ` ve already paid money that I have to study here ,
Few second later , I thought there was something wrong with my bicycle . . .
Eating ice cream in cold weather tastes really good .
In other words in the UK , student protests seem to have a more direct impact on the government 's power which influences parties ' choices .
I have taken dance lessons for ten years ( jazz , ballet and tapdance ) .
One day Lion went on a hunt together with Fox , Jakal and Wolf .
My thumb has been injured while batting .
I really like Santiago a lot !
It 's a very simple theory .
In this course I listen and repeat every phrase , only then I read and write .
We decorate paper called ' tanzaku ' and hang them onbamboo leaves .
Recently l have been studying English again
I 'm very tired . connect with previous sentence
He believes that May 212011 is the doomsday , and a widespread earthquake will take place .
I think about traveling somewhere everyday .
It is the due date today .
Japanese people often make the bright red sausages out of octopus .
I felt that time had stopped .
I think Japanese Football team has good mentality to win , and confidence and good technique to be the key .
It took 25 to 26 hours to fly from my house to the hotel where I stay .
Now I am working in the bakery and learning how to bake bread .
I think it is not only for children as it entertained all ages .
It 's very sad that I ca n't write phonetic symbols ! !
Which gender of ghost do people typically feel more scared of in your country ?
The second episode of a Korean TV drama , `` IRIS `` , will be broadcast tonight .
He must be cats 's authority around there !
My grandpa caught the fish on Thursday .
`` Because noodles is something all students like . ``
She made 24 friends and she is keeping in contact with them .
When I visited the school , I thought that the school suited me , because the school had a systematic educational program and a good track record for their teachers .
I am practicing writing compositions to improve my writing skillfor the GEPT examination . - - - - - - - - -
I hope this site will be useful for my study .
So I feel my room is always a little too dry because of it .
The population is on the decrease . More specifically , young people are leaving , and old people are on the increase .
Today is a fine day and quite warm .
I tried to call my mother in Tokyo , but for some reason the telephone would n't connect .
This birthday will have to be a special one .
I have started to write an english diary to improve my english proficiency this year .
I could n't ride a bike because there was n't enough time , but I will go on a tour in the city with a bike someday !
melbourne is colder than japan .
When you see it you will understand why you do n't let 13 - year - old drive , HA HA HA .
I 'm at a loss for words to describe it now .
The present was some uncured hams and cheese .
Anyway , that is not the real problem , I think .
At the moment , I did n't recognize my misunderstanding .
Today is my first day as a member of this community .
However , my English is poor .
I hope no one will be harmed .
Truthfully , It was but I had a fun time .
I acted on an impulse today .
My eyes , legs , neck and nose
Meanwhile , it is also not an easy job for several guys who used to live with their families to leave the comfort of home to stay together for four years .
I 'll Write about ' To Do Today ! '
I 'm very sad , but to tell you the truth , I have too much homework this summer , so I can do it in the meantime .
If I could have eaten them , I would have been happy . . .
IrelandI like Ireland and Irish also .
I do n't know if he recognized that or not .
Valentine 's day and New Year day .
Mine is to improve my English and my painting skills .
and then , [ ] I stopped studying English while I was in high school .
B : Greg it happened again , will you help get this off ?
Have you heard of the Toeic ?
Also there are 4 American people next to our hotel room .
It 's because the class that I had chosen first is full .
But I will let them stay , and clean my bed every weekend .
Changing my lifestyle is difficult : (
Whatever , if it was to have two owners , I would be worried about whether it will be confuse about which house it has to come back to ; <
shows week to week , but I 've made an exception for `` Southland `` .
Today was very busy for me because there were lots of things I had to do .
After that , I 'll prepare to go to college .
People write their wishes on a strip of paper and hang it on a bamboo branch .
I 've been learning English for 3 years , but still face many confusing moments such as punctuation , articles and many other little tricky things that do n't let me sleep at night ) ) ) And their number only increases as I 'm moving forward in my study .
Because we were there from opening time to closing time , my legs were starting to hurt .
I like walking but there 's snow today ! ! !
When I get home , she does n't even notice .
The attitudes of the sales clerks there were awful and I had to go to a special flag shop .
I feel really like the girl in this book becasue inside , she is really clever .
and nobody is moving .
Of course , I ca n't do it when I work late .
I could n't solve many problems .
I thought over her words and I believed I could also do it and so I did !
Hi , I just started Lang - 8 .
TV especially stands out because it supplies the news with lively illustrations and images .
That 's all !
I got a 71 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ( More natural )
We had fun shopping today .
After that , I moved to my current department for the purpose of accepting marketing views to hardware product development .
Why is studying English painful ?
What you get in this anime is a lot of ugly robots and speech , but it becomes cool when you put them together .
I lost my cellphone .
But the woman disagrees with that statement .
It is very chaotic to have to arrange ( organize ) it .
Aside from the test , I need to use English in my daily work , too .
I only have one and a half months off .
after I finished work , I met my girlfriend WHO WAS waiting for me in front of the shop
I think I have to change the alarm voice to be noyierso that it can make me get up early .
There 's also a lack of electricity , water , and anything that can used for warmth .
But there is a dog who always bite my power line or dirties my sensor with its wet nose when I work .
When people talk to you , you 'd better realize that you have a chance to get to know them better because they do n't talk to you if they do n't like you .
Alsmost everyone , no matter if they are young or old , male or female , they are keen on it .
Could you tell me how different these two expression are :
Before the presentation , in order to break the ice , the manager told the client that the workers were checking the presentation to make sure it 's the best they can get it it even while on the way to Tokyo by bullet train called Shinkansen ( It takes two and half hours between the two cities by Shinkansen ) .
Next , I have to find the check - in counter .
I found an `` ume `` plant on my campus today .
is almost dead .
He and I ate the broiled small intestines of cattle .
I hope to find friends from other countries , who will help me with my English and correct my grammar .
I do Not want to go to school
And so , if you study some areas , you should study English .
But is n't this concept of life only their way of living ?
Today I expected something special to happen .
These things must affect the Japanese economy even worse .
but they are helping me with my English learning willingly .
By the way , `` shougi `` is the Japanese word for chess in English .
This time , we are getting ready for a performance for Chap Goh may , which is the last day of Chinese New year celebration .
I am a new member here .
I read a book a couple of days ago , and the book was talking about the attitude of facing things .
so I jumped onto the train , the doors of which were likely to close at any second .
My character is a girl named Subaru ^ - ^ ( more natural )
First encounter of an I - product from the Apple world . ( me suggest )
Well , actually mines has no fun at all this summer .
Vera helped me to dial with telephone , so we could go on .
The sea is very beautiful to me .
I must say , I like this film very much .
It was Lady Gaga .
playwriting ) I think I can be very useful if you ever need me , no matter which kind of Spanish you are learning .
Could you correct my English / entry / writing ?
I AM A KING ! ! !
I 'm a 16 year old girl who comes from Hong Kong . Does anyone know this city ?
Senbon means one thousand in Japanese .
I got a part time job today .
There are a lot of flavors .
You also can watch and listen to traditional music and dances .
I think you have a problem with intonation .
I 'm working on repairing the buildings in Sendai
I said `` Why not ? ``
The wife was woken up by my stertor / snoring .
So , giving my artwork to my friends is my first step to sell my artwork .
The reason that I started learning English is , when I was 11 years old , my older brother bought The Beatles 's album and we listened to it over and over together .
It is a rare and happy occurrence that I can stay here , do nothing , and just relax .
Nice to meet you !
Tomorrow is my first match and it will be a difficult one .
I want to know how `` would `` is used ? Of course apart from the conditional second .
So I am very happy and I look forward to going .
He just said `` It was terrible , I 'll never go again . . `` covering his hips .
The stress of the word is always on the last syllable . It has an accent if the word ends with either an 's ' , an ' n ' or a vowel .
Starting today , I will write a diary every day again .
So today , I tried to ask `` Can I help you with something ? `` .
the way of teaching that was common was to learn grammar and words and then
so I went to a comics shop .
It seems like I wasted a lot of time . . .
To become friends with you is fate .
They are staying with friends intil they find somewhere .
I thought it would n't be a cloudy weekday but it was actually cloudy .
of course I 'll help , I can help the friends I meet here , too > <
I look forward to him being able to play the big japanese drum this year for the first time .
So I believe I can be a good doctor in the future .
His condition is obviously bad .
I thought that I would buy a new mouse , but I researched how to repair it first of all .
If I take 30 mins to write my entry , it always ends up getting too long .
He is a good soocer player .
You should give it a try !
What do you think about it ?
I am very excited to go to Vietnam .
after lunch , we went to the supermarket and bought groceries for dinner .
That 's why they had n't feet or hoofs - only one circlular bone on each leg .
First , I must finish my report .
Last Saturday
Now she is perfectly adapted to her new friend 's environment .
I have to set this schedule to May .
or take my computer to an internet shop , I think my sister will follow me to fix it .
However , the werewolf is also handsome , and stronger , but he arrives later than vampire . . .
Cheese cake is my favorite food to make !
I started to watch English and American films in their original versions , without dubbing .
Last week , he came into my hands .
Welcome again to our TV shopping program `` Five Star Correction `` . ( 360 Degree Makeover )
I think that two points that need to be considered for an early recovery from the jet lag are a sleep and a good meal .
My job is never busy .
Finished the final exam !
I have been a cashier for 1 year and just doing the same things . . . .
It is too early to implement to the real world .
She was smiling .
but I ca n't help it .
He seems to be in his late thirties .
His whole inauguration speech appeared in the newspaper .
The boss is the head of an organization .
The good thing was that we were able to go to Angkor Wat , Bayon and some places inside Angkor Thom on the 26th of Sep / on Sep 26 .
It seems that one reason for the secession was a member of KARA wore a T - shirt with the printed slogan `` Best Fackin Five `` .
I would be very grateful if you correct following .
Which sentence is correct and why ?
So from now on , I 'll make it a habit to write my diary in english three times a week and will try to help other people struggling to learn Korean .
It might bring clouds from the west of Taiwan ! ! !
I really have no idea about the meaning of this name , or even who named it .
So I was relieved .
It looks similar to Facebook and other social networking systems , though this one specifically targets music fans ; this might be new and different from other services .
I 'll do my best to get a good score .
As for that reason , the village people are also living pretty and quiet place surrounded all kinds of flowers .
The reason why l support the Steelers is that my friend is from their city .
in Canada In Canada
Sorry if the contents of my writings get to be somewhat incoherent .
Actually , this month seems to be hotter than ever before .
By the way , I was watching that , but I could not say such words to them , as usual .
I noticed that although we used the same electronic devices and lived in the same house , what we had for dinner and how to reacted to all life 's challenge was totally different !
But the bikes which we were expected to buy were a little bit expensive for us .
`` jubeat `` is a music game . You just touch the flash panel to make the music .
At the DIESEL cafe ( I forgot its right name ) , I ate a delicious humburger with my boy friend ( not really a boyfriend , but also a boy friend , , , , do you understand ? ) ^ ^
I could not even guess that the end would be so unexpected !
I saw one for the first time today .
English is very difficult , but it looks like a RPG game for me .
On the other hand , My youngest daughter finished writing a book report .
I need lots of practice ahead .
Are there any mistakes ?
I 'm tired , and my legs do n't work anymore .
What advantages does it have ?
And the horrible earthquake that has made many Haitians lose their families .
This week in English class we discussed the topic of the stressful life .
But that 's not all .
I think the score will be 2 - 0 , Tulio and Matsui will score the goals .
He sat down on the ground , in the same place as when I first saw him .
Betta has a kind of respiration organ in its head , so it is very easy to keep in captivity .
There are usually some electric air pumps there , but there were only manual air pumps this time , so I had to pump air into many tubes ( including two giant tubes ) for them by myself .
Finally , we could finished building them ! !
I 'll introduce him around Tokyo , but I do n't know what kind of things or places French people would be interested in .
There were too many members who took this class
So if there is a phone with Lang - 8 app , it is very convenient .
When I am free I usually read a book .
I punched him in the face , rather than responding verbally .
While I was watching the film , I talked with my family members .
That was the reason I visited as an unscheduled member .
We ate delicious SASHIMI , raw fishes , a rare SAKE , and drank alcohol .
But now , since I have entered high school , there is a lot of pressure around me .
I have to save money to go to L .
Maybe next time , when I have enough time , and my mind changes to Europe , I will study this language .
First off , I went to headquarters where I got heartwarming welcome from all the people on the staff , including the section director .
It is impossible to be able to access the internet till then .
I 'm really worried about my husband .
I do n't understand how to use `` the `` and `` a `` .
Since our school moved to the other place , I found everything have been changed . verb
It 's time for me to go back to my country .
I went to the department store 3 days ago .
There are some really funny profs here , that sincerely think we want to see human organs ( do you want to ?
The other day , I decided to study abroad during summer vacation .
In Japan , Teresa Teng is known as an enka singer , but she is recognized as a great popular singer in Chinese society around the world .
This weekend I went out with my friends .
I got some chocolate and a muffin because it is White day .
My hobbies are dancing , reading books , and listening to music .
If you have , which movie do you like ? Please tell me ^ ^
Therefore , we feel it is hard to write in English .
I enjoyed it because I ca n't go into that alone : ) At around 9 pm we said goodbye .
What do I look forward to watching now ?
So when I talk in English , I might say it in the Korean way .
We want to send `` electric power `` and `` our encouragement `` to the disaster area !
When I was living with my parents , I had quite a lot of troubles with my parents , especially with my mom .
In Macau , we ate the same egg tarts and saw the same street scenery in a drama I watched .
I was so happy as soon as I bought for half price .
went to camp with a handicapped person ,
Then I asked the beautician `` Wo n't you cut my front hair ? `` , he said `` Yes `` .
Why I say it 's a problem is because the people I met when I came to Japan often said to me , ' Arumoo , your Japanese is so formal and you use many difficult kanji . '
The launch party is being held today .
Solater , I will go there .
This letter showed me the result for the previous TOEIC test I took on October 28th .
I sometimes use a PC , then I can collect the diary .
But when I joined my company , I started to love beer .
Beginning today , I will write notes in this diary .
In the north of Hokkaido , snow is falling , but in the south of Okinawa , a typhoon comes .
I will fly to the UK and meet up with a friend who studies art at a university in London .
I can find the pronunciations of unknown words .
And I joined a community of oasis fans ( ? ) and began listening to all of their songs .
Tomorrow I 'm going to a Backstreet Boys ' concert with my girlfriend .
it 's so tasty .
I have felt uneasy before I came to Canada .
I 'm a new member , and I would like to improve my writing skills . I plan on taking the Ielts exam , and I want to get 5 . 5 to enter the college .
it 's hot today .
March 7th will be my first time taking the IELTS .
I started to use Lang - 8 last month .
It 's going to be longest bridge in Korea .
Let 's watch baseball ! !
I signed up on Lang - 8 to study English .
Yesterday , my son 's crying was heard ( coming ) from a toilet .
How about putting the chili tomato and vegetables in a pan and making sauce for spaghetti ?
And , I have never had cavities before .
there are a lot of people on the 2nd floor of my office .
I used to work as an Au - pair , which is someone who looks after children while living with the children 's family .
`` Omiai `` is when the male and female meet for the first time , accompanied by their parents and a matchmaker .
My classmates and I did some field research for geology ,
And our team worked together for two hours .
Boy am I tired !
I still wanted to try , so I asked my friend to copy Windows server 2003 and Dreamweaver for me .
I feel lonely , because I have to work the day after tomorrow and my favorite city is Seattle .
Most of them are 10 - 12 years old .
Koreans have a lot of fun cheering in the streets but today 's match is too late .
I would be so lucky if I were to see see snow in my area .
`` Ants eat dead earthworms ? `` She asked me again to confirm it .
I found this websire in a bog .
Maybe I should practice to improve my drinking capacity hahaha ( ^ _ _ ^ )
I took a lot of pictears - pictures - with my friends .
' Hi babe , The mantis can not . . . ' , while explaining to her I looked at the creek .
As you can see , it has steps which are made from glass
As an adult , I do n't want to ask for money from family , I am earning money by doing a part - time job .
He was a big Blizzard game fan when he lived in Korea .
The difference between an inn and a restaurant is that in the former you can drink wine and eat typical regional food while in the second you can order typical Italian dishes , from the starters to pasta , second course , side dishes , fruits , sweets , you can decide between a menu containing meat or fish .
My midterm exams will start next week ! !
I have collected photo booth stickers that my friends gave me .
I 'm a little worried now .
Unlucky life
My watch which my father gave me when I entered the junior high school , and I cherished the most was stolen .
These days I have been exchanging messages with my foreign friend , and it is as pleasant as a real conversation .
Anyway I hope the mist of depression which covers all of Japan will clear up soon .
The other one is `` Kue Sapit Panjang `` . . .
So `` Chahar Shanbeh Soori `` means a celebration that is held on Wednesday .
I only have one of his albums ; the title for it is `` Nighthawks At the Diner `` .
I have n't had much chance to talk to to him .
There have been only five areas in Japan where people traditionally had been closely involved in whaling .
In the test , there is a writing section . Therefore , I 'd like to learn how to write English by using this diary .
It will break the other person 's heart in the end .
That was just as expected for a symbol of America .
However , he was a very kind person .
In the first bookstore , I could n't find the book I wanted .
Then , we went out .
This news makes me feel so suprised that l ca n't believe it .
I think your English is much better than mine and you have a lot of sales experience with a Japanese company .
I had a blast at the karaoke bar .
I read about sixty pages a day .
next month I need to get through the exam .
And at work , I use honorific expression when speaking to my subordinates .
I am thinking why it has been able to be win in Vancouver for a long time .
My name is Taka .
I do not drive at all at home , but overseas , I have to .
It makes me feel relaxed .
I make fruit juice well .
But today is a rainy day .
However , the driver was indignant about the result , and now he wrote it on a BBS to find some help .
My boss wants me to continue working with him after this vacation .
She seemed glad .
However , from an empirical view , I really hard - pressed to imagine how the spectrum of technology has attributed to the wealth gap since it goes without saying that scientific technology candecrease disparity between the wealthy and needy .
I work in a clinic which for medical checkup .
I want to study foreign anime .
The meter surrounding the knob shows the resulting range . ``
Bath , meaning washing the body , came from the city 's name .
It would be absolutely fabulous ! ! !
Everybody in the office seemed to watch thegame secretly ( on the internet or cellphone ) .
My favorite season , summer , has ended , winter is coming .
Nana kept walking to the palace and Rheiry stayed behind to enjoy some shopping .
The soldiers , who are supposed to protect thai people , were shooting ( optional at ) their people .
Goog Good morning .
They 've grown very well !
I was very shocked and of course checked Wikipedia and other sources .
Thank you for reading my diary everyone .
I 've been out of control these day , I mean I 've been feeling bored .
The time in the game is the same as the real time , that is , the day time in the real world is also the day time in the game , and the scene in the game changes according to the time , from bright to dark . ( perfect ! )
I decided because of what I explained before .
That 's in ( ? ? ) line with my situation .
I want to be ranked , so I wrote many entries .
But I have some time , and I 'm writing my diary .
I need to improve my positive thought .
I 'm Unhappy
I was a little angry , so I answered him :
I moved to Europe from Japan just a year ago .
Please understand if I need many corrections !
It is waiting for another connecting train .
I have four wisdom teeth , so I was told that I should pull them right away .
and I was setting anythings about my mac . + pardon ? +
I 'm sure this is a very decent hotel .
We were going fishing for 5 hours in Lake Lyndon .
And I wanted to write many prose pieces , poems or other things about art .
It was the first time I heard the word `` curse word `` .
I felt that I was traveling around sightseeing ^ ^
everyone in the family will be busy .
They left about two hours ago and right now I 'm planning on what do to tonight but I ca n't seem to find anyone who 's willing to party : / ( I 've got holidays )
The owner of the house is really nice and kind to me .
H : Very glad indeed that you could come round , sir !
One of the reasons is because Japan is an island .
These days , the weather repeats like this again and again .
Yesterday , a big change has just happened in a the Japanese political history .
That 's why I prefer the Internet to the TV .
We can communictate enough , not using exact and correct grammar . . . . true
I really study English hard , but I do n't have many chances to use it .
I am very proud of those of you who are studying Japanese as a second language .
That was great !
It will then be added to the reference book .
The another called his name but he didnt reply . . .
I have been working a part time job in restaurant since two years ago .
We must not take over such problems to the next generation .
Now I am looking for some friends those who can help my study .
One of them is visiting kindergartens or day nurseries and so on and teaching English to kids .
Nice to meet you . GOOD
I will have to learn to speak English to a native level .
But my friends also did n't score very well .
It has many menus .
decide when to go .
My occupation is race horse rider ; every day I train to ride horses .
We went shopping .
But firstly , I have a lot of things that I have to do .
To me have told / I have been told that it is all because of people .
So I must study harder than my classmates .
This is the last diary I 'll write in Vancouver .
I do n't know why but I ca n't muster my energy .
I will help you with your Japanese too !
The teacher , they say , is totally voluntarily teaching them Japanese .
Inspection is not a problem for me ,
Concert for newcomers !
To begin with , I will talk about how to ask girls out .
I stayed up all night to prepare for my presentation which is about my master 's thesis .
My cellular phone have a smart feature that it communicates to
For example , 100 straight days of running , a 100km ultramarathon , a 24 hour relay , a transfer at work , the work as a R & D theme leader , and so on .
I 'm not usually interested in any idols .
I stopped , because it was getting hotter and hotter .
I am worried about the blood test result this Thursday .
By the way , it is still early in March .
I have to wear green clothes for this part .
Ifirst met it , when I was a high school freshman .
What did we do there ?
I want to see snow falling
And I have wasted three months to find a job . . .
I do n't understand them very well .
I am a sales person , so it is okay since I have a contract nowadays . ( I am the second person who has the highest sales . )
I tend to hesitate to speak English because I think I speak English with a Japanese accent and this is not correct English .
I think it is likely to affect my whole life .
Therefore we did n't have time to walk around the City centre , which was supposed to have been fun to do !
I ca n't get up early because the weather is getting colder and colder .
After that we went to Kurashiki Bikan historical quarter .
It is exciting , fantastic , amazing and hopeful .
I am writing a diary for the first time .
After all , I think our health is irreplaceable especially with the low prices fulfilled by the mass productions .
Fried fish is especially delicious .
Some of them are busy and some prefer staying at home in their free time .
teacher at college once told us about a student who had choked to death on chewing gum .
I think that they are and foolish .
I have more time than usual .
Today I woke up at eleven o ' clock in the morning .
As they were off duty on weekends , I had to withstand this pain .
Which of the below sentencesis more natural ?
But I do n't know where the Milky Way is .
This is because I love my job in spite of it being tough .
There was a monkey at the guesthouse in Cambodia I was staying at .
But I received cool news !
I do n't have a lot of free time , and I had no vacation in the last 4 years .
So , it 's been 15 minutes since I started writing this diary ! !
I have one more question for you .
When I first bought it , I was so glad with it at first .
I went to see an engagement ring with him .
Yabu town in Hyogo is one of the famous places to see .
The home is based on love .
The concert was very good !
I do n't know when I can come back to Japan .
From now , I will go to Sendai city so I can decide where I will live at .
I will go to my office by car .
I prefer to swim in a swimming pool because I do n't like getting a sunburn , but sometimes I want to swim in the ocean .
If you want your child go to a `` good `` school , it costs a lot .
I especially liked the boy 's first love story , and the unsalable ( ? ) writer and helper 's love story .
On the 2nd of December . .
One Italian guy said that he does n't like McDonalds at all . He also said that Italian McDonalds is different than American McDonalds .
I want that scholarship so much so I keep practicing my English skills every day .
Therefore , I have to think about two of the choices or the possibility of other ways for some time .
I came home after English class this evening .
After staying two days in Osaka , I went to Okayama to attend a meeting of the Western Japan Flight Club .
I really love movies .
As I expected , I made a couple of mistakes . [ Great sentence ! ]
But if a risk is thrust upon you
I 'll buy a sofa next weekend , the bottom line is that I like wine , I prefer a wine
So I want to go to an American University .
Looking for a room is pretty fun for me : D
Then , he was very hungry because he had n't eaten breakfast and it was high time to eat lunch !
This is because one of the main reasons for this writing is just to improve my speaking ability .
I am looking forward to eating ramen tomorrow .
But , by rule of my apartment , our apartment has restricted animals .
I also need information on what type of accommodation is available ?
When I arrived at my house , it was time for dinner .
Many students think maths is more difficult than Chinese , so they spend more time doing maths than they do practicing Chinese .
I want to say `` thank you `` a million times .
Recently in China we have many new websites which are similar to Groupon .
I can read English stories and articles , and I know many English words , but it is very difficult for me to listen , write and speak English . . .
Of course CPU is AMD single - core , and has 1Gig memory .
Space exploration will help us find new lands where life can exist like on the earth .
I hope we have a beautiful day .
I will go for work in 1 hour .
The songs that are played are mellow ones like `` To love you more `` by Celine Dion or `` A Whole New world `` .
It 's common that most people do n't like going to school .
The teacher was an American guy who was very interesting and kind to me .
When I was Junior , I found the mental trouble was not a problem to me any more , so I began to be attracted by the outside world , the colorful life .
I 'm alittle worried about her .
Then he go home and abuses his wife .
According to my TOEIC score , my listening skills are good , but reading skills are very bad , so I 'm trying to read books written in English to improve reading skills .
I used to use it while it was charging , but now I do n't because if I move it , the electrical contact might come apart .
I will start studying English again .
I feel `` for her `` would make more sense .
LONG WAITLong Wait
They generally get up at 9 or 10AM .
If I walked with my bicycle , I could not make it in time .
`` `` `` `` Why does a flight attendant ask Japanese passengers , `` chicken or beef `` ? `` `` `` ``
We bought many kinds of food for New Year Day .
Anyway , today 's topic is the death penalty , which is very controversial around the world .
It was a little scary , but very interesting .
When she arrived my home , she played computer games until she left .
I ` m going to go to Australia in september
How about watching a drama like `` Friends `` , or something like that ?
I 'm practicing making it and one other thing .
And comic points were also precise .
I have to stay in my office tonight .
I went on MSN with my Thai friend . At the moment she lives in France . We talked using the microphone , we talked for a long time about our friends
Should n't you be worried if you have n't done anything up until now ?
I 'm here to share my happiness .
I was very surprised .
By all means , please try some .
I thought it was hotter and wetter than Kyoto , Japan but it 's not as hot as I thought .
add me : )
I hope you enjoy your next month too . ^ ^
I explained the situation to the other members , and we all agreed .
Actually , I love a sunny day better .
Anyway , my mum is really friendly and open minded , so I really envy her .
I 'm not married , and I 'm living alone in a dormitory .
I felt tired so I went to bed and slept at 3 : 00
The waves got a lot of shells and my clothes wet .
It is very bothersome for you to correct this application form .
Today I worked overtime until 8PM to prepare next week conference .
What does `` take a stand about the need to tackle climate change . . . `` mean ?
Today , it was heavily raining here , and I do n't like to hear the sound of thunder ! !
And I was in good condition today , so I won 4 times at the game .
My church is having a retreat .
I : Actually , I usually take her to a facility for children near my home . She doesn ` t show any interest in those toys , instead she plays with other big children .
I did n't know that `` hot chocolate `` means `` cocoa . ``
My name is Ella . I 'm Chinese and my Chinese name 's Momeifen .
My question is , `` How do Chinese people consult a dictionary if they have forgotten a Chinese character ? ``
Is the one below OK ?
I ca n't stand cold .
Because of this , I am opposed to giving prizes to them .
Instead of them she played with her favourite toy .
But why do I suddenly feel likeI would n't want to do anything !
It is my first day on this website .
She has already made a booking of the pension .
We still can not enter there .
Yesterday 's job interview ' test was very difficult .
This week is the Buddhist Lent and get one day off on Monday .
I have been studying English for more than 8 years .
I am going to read it in my room while lying down .
We 're going to go in the last half of the program from today .
I am thinking what I should do now in the cataclysmic catastrophe . . .
Finally , the rainy season which Japanese hate is finished .
I have n't written a poem in a long time . ( Since elementary school ? )
I do n't want to live a common life . . .
There is a trial
This is the season for college students to find a real job .
Finally , I found out that very heavy rain hit many areas in central Japan .
Let 's try our best everyone .
And please give me advice for this idea .
I am at a hamburger shop now , and still thinking what to eat .
Frank is my English name which was given to me by my first English teacher in my life .
One of the reasons is my dream .
I was very happy that I found it on TV so I could watch it at home .
Now I am on holiday from my part - time job .
In your country , what do people do in this situation ?
Twitter , Facebook , Microsoft , Google , etc . . .
It 's a wonderful film even though I do n't like this kind of film very much .
It has been my hobby since I entered university , and I even set up a magic club in it , because there was no magic club in the university .
I did not go to class today and I will probably stay home for a
First , I went to the Philippines that provides English education with cheap price .
I really do n't know what to call it in English since there 's no such term in the rest of the world !
I think where live is not only based on our preference but also where we grew up , where our relatives live , where we work . and also living costs .
I started working 15 years ago .
For a while the pole said the bus will be here briefly .
In winter many surfers wear a dry suit that keeps you dry and warm .
Yesterday I had lunch with my parents , who were 88 and 82 ( years old ) .
However , every girl likes fancy smell such as CHANEL NO . 5 .
Everyone 's help is welcome !
One day when I said hello to a foreign friend , at that time what I wanted to say was `` Hi , guy ! `` , but what I said came out as `` Hi , gay ! ``
I expected she would wait for me , so I was disappointed in her .
When the white yarn ran out , the scarf that I have knitted was very short scarf .
I am trying to watch those in English now .
I am going to cram school and buying my friend 's present today .
But nobody was at home .
I 'm going to run around my home tomorrow , weather permiting .
My friend recommended this website to me .
As far as I can see , bringing up a perfectly bilingual child is really hard , but if I have a baby , I must teach Japanese to my baby at any costs .
, I enjoyed it very much after a long time .
I joined lang - 8 yesterday .
But I also want to eat delicious food in Kamakura ! !
In the afternoon , we visited her in the hospital .
It is difficult !
Although , the staff said the score will send within one month , so I think I will receive it soon .
Maybe she can turn on that station and listen to it with her work
According to them , as long as you use a roaming service , they do n't know how much it costs .
But It 's not important , because you already have your lovely family members and friends , and also your boyfriend .
The part time job is acceptable as the career .
I want learn English by myself .
Matcha is famous in Kyoto .
He came to the university to receive that costume from the store .
But most typhoons move along its path to the Pacific Ocean when they move to the north .
then it turns out that I really hate it .
' Jubay , be careful .
I miss Japanese food , but we ca n't eat anything here .
If I have a chance to learn about it , I could be able to talk about history with British people .
He must do it .
`` the `` instead of `` an ``
This is my first time writing a diary on the web , so I am really nervous now !
Teacher came with us .
In the previous three games , he did a great job , here made two grand - slams and one walk - off Home Run .
I found this website from a self - learning magazine .
These teas are low in calories and have some caffeine .
As before when Shia showed up , there was loud yelling ( cheering ) for them .
meters every day . What I can do is stay in my Fire Bureau
I wonder whey they do such terrible things , have they ever worried their own food ?
I had an encounter with a strange guy on the street who was singing .
I really like Japanese martial arts , but I could n't take kendo , my favorite martial art .
There is a package tour where I can get a license for scuba diving .
I guess I improved , because I got a 585 in October last year .
We enjoyed a campfire , BBQ , and chatting as we sat around the fire until midnight in the freezing weather .
( Sorry , I guess most women are not interested with those things . . . )
For example , there was Bauhaus , Soviet Union commnism , 70 's psychedelic , Japanese Tadanori Yokoo , and more . .
( producers / mining operations ) in Hokkaido .
They are , of course , older and so therefore they understand .
I thank God for giving me such a nice flat partner . .
I think maybe it 's because I do n't have a friend to learn English with together , so there 's no one I can share with , no one to point out my mistakes , and so on .
On The Airplane to Phoenix , Arizona
I know that when we are growing up we have some problems .
A few weeks ago , I washed my digital camera with my clothes and broke it .
I think the river was useful in inspiring my children to play outdoor .
When I saw it for the first time about ten years ago , I found it very funny , but now he is everywhere .
I thought it is interesting , so I remembered it easily .
Today my vacation begins .
a reupholstered sofa .
Every day I spend 30 minutes to an hour dancing different songs .
When the other cats were eating , he did n't come close , Hejust watched from over there .
I want to eat ice cream .
Recently , I started going to English school . . .
The next day , they found that only the tofu was eaten ( missing ) .
We use English in letters and e - mails .
Today , I drove my wife and her mother to a concert by a local chorus group .
Then I will post the link on a new entry on Lang - 8 without the writing / text .
Instead , I went to see a Merlion Tower on Sentosa island !
Although my work gradually gets busier , I really feel that playing music and studying English help me diversify my interests and help balance my vitality .
But I 've not managed to find a team here yet .
Kana has lived in San Francisco .
I used to play American Football back as a university student .
I 'm still hesitant to startr studying German again though .
I read Exodus 9 ~ 10 in the Bible
This visit will be the third time . . .
The first writting my diary
Bye .
When I go there , I ca n't sleep at that night . . .
Then he went to the pantry in a sneaking way . It was so silent that he could almost hear the flutter of a butterfly .
One week has passed since I started a diary in Enlish .
It was a lot of fun .
And when I use the car , I pay for how much time I use . .
my behavior makes it difficult .
Everyone wants to travel on that holiday ,
The traffic situation is much better in the other cities . The other cities are quiet and beautiful .
In order to finish one thesis I have to read tons of materials and sittin front of the computer for what seems like centuries .
One such time / event is when I went to London about four years ago .
They will live together in the near future . It is his mother 's wish .
( At ? school I have German too but I hate it : P ) .
The first English book I could finish reading through was `` Fried Green Tomatoes `` .
When I spill a drip of coffee , it goes on my belly .
And they said `` Please help us , we are making an assignment for the C # program , but it 's not working correctly `` .
Exercise slow - - - I agree with the author 's opinion .
I know , I make mistakes when I translate all words .
Maybe there can be assistants who speak Korean , or kind explanation about how to vote or use the polling machine .
Things In Which Japanese Youth Are Less Interested
But why would a Christmas tree have such a effect ?
I thought she had potential as a caretaker because she has a good smile and a friendly atmosphere .
bases in Okinawa should not be removed is that they do good for the economy in Okinawa in many ways .
I felt strange in elevator .
I was trying to find your footprints ,
The information about the impact on radiation and rolling blackouts etc . is confusing .
Hello everyone
The Tohoku - kanto earthquake is the most catastrophic disaster in Japanese history .
When my tooth began to come loose , I would be happy because I felt I was a little closer to being an adult .
Another thing I want to say is that I am starting to enjoy watching TV .
A lot of sesames are grown in Africa .
Recently , I 've been annoyed by boys so much ! !
I also wanted to talk with a technician .
But I was completely wrong .
Is that the summary of article or not ? ( Is what ? )
Today I received my results from the TOEIC test that I took a few days ago .
I think that 's good for her , but my wife will be a little busy because she usually take care of her sisters a lot .
She was a staunch Catholic from birth , constantly resisting pressure from others to renounce her faith , a request she steadfastly refused .
High school classes start !
My wife got a pink spring coat ! !
I wanted to go abroad to a university as an exchange student .
As you might know , my native language is Spanish and I 'm trying to learn English and Japanese ( the Japanese is more like a dream of mine . . .
He was a general during the Warring State Period in Japan .
1 : I will study English everyday .
Today is the first time I write a diary entry . My English is very bad , but I must learn this language , because English is a subject at my university .
It is time that I should make my plan after my graduation .
So he was upset and got stuck on the road ( OR streets ) .
I want to drink next time .
For while we stayed in the shop , and then we went to a bus stop .
The English teacher was so funny and sometimes told jokes .
I do n't like some psychology books that explain every small detail , but this book does n't .
In that case , I may reconsider my trip because of this frustrating consumption restraint which discourages the shoppers ' passion .
Today I 'm gon na write a little bit about what happened in the Washington air port .
I love wrapped beef in `` Santyu , `` which is a type of lettuce .
In this afternoon , I 'll leave from here , which is Osaka , to Ibakaki for work .
Can you tell me what the difference is between these words : high - end , top - notch , state - of - the - art and cutting - edge ? ? ? ?
Buying pizza in Japan is more expensive than buying it in the U .
She could get a lot of vegetables even though it was a very small field .
I was refreshed .
Sometimes , my mother takes her to a day - care center for half a day .
Even though we have been dating for 4 years , this is our first time traveling together .
When I came to the US , I brought some yogurt so that I could keep growing more .
Two thirds continue their work in my company .
( I think there are so many grammar mistakes = = but I ca n't find them , because when I wrote something I just followed the sense of language . = = )
I hope to go to the concert with my friends ( again ) . . .
If anyone wants me to help them study Koren , I promise , I 'll be sincerely helpful to
What should
It is apparent that Japanese education is more focused on reading and grammar .
I want to collect all of them .
I want to enjoy my existence , and I will remember these feelings today .
on many occasions .
`` If you do this , you will be a hero . ``
I will take music lessons at Konservatorium for at least four years .
Sometime it 's hard to believe that someone on Earth can really be that stupid , but that 's what makes it so attractive that I somehow ca n't help but watch it everyday .
It 's important that I keep doing it .
It will be much easier to find this restaurant this way .
I wantspring to come as soon as possible !
And I will work for a global company .
Yes , I 'll write another mental sketch , which I recently invented to practice writing in a short time frame .
In the first round , SK defeated Samsung 9 : 5 in Munhak Stadium .
But in my case it is n't true .
My thoughts about marriage .
At night while children are asleep , Santa Claus goes to their house and puts a present into a sock next to their pillow .
Yesterday my friends and I played basketball in the park .
After that , we went shopping .
All I can think of is coffee .
excellent .
This my first time writing a diary .
From children to elderly people , humans can not live without having fun , and some people want others to enjoy something that they made ; games .
Be careful on the road .
an alternative to speaking with a mirror .
Usually I drink Sake or alcohol at dinner .
I should appreciate the things I have .
I will participate in trick - or - treating for the first time .
If you worry over something and the level is 5 , I worry it more serious and the level is 25 .
But I am finished writing today .
Do you think economic statusstatement would affect your relationship ?
57 . 4 percent of new recruits want to remain employed at the same company they had begun working for until they retire .
According to recent research , we can get more than 80 % of information about other 's characteristics based on looks .
And I 'm sure that my parents will be able to provide the tuition fee and prove that they can .
What do you usually do after leaning a new expressions ?
This is the first time I have come here .
It is very good weather to have a picnic .
Anyway , the movie starts in the hotel , where we see a group of tourists preparing for their journey on a train .
It is a really horrible disaster .
Friday evening we went to Trastevere and we ate a pizza at Gino 's restaurant .
We murmured lots of oohs and aahs while looking at the fallen trees and chestnut burrs , which were still green and unripe on the ground .
I like both this sky and the blue sky .
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me ,
We rode a boat out to sea and dived in .
I went to Australia for 2 weeks .
Actually , here and there I almost lost the information .
I am always thinking I wanna move to another country . . .
In the first room , there were some vintage cars , such as
We graduated from high school ( Feb . 8 was graduation ceremony ) in fact ,
Today , my university has an examination for new students .
It appears in `` Evangelion `` , an operaion to gather electricity from all of Japan to shoot a long distance shell .
I am learning English .
In the Kansai style , highballs are made of chilled whiskey , chilled soda , and lemon peels .
My European friends can speak the language of some all . + nani dayo ? +
He received A 's in all his classes .
English will be an advantage only when they can do something special .
Even more , it was the first time I realized how much I am proud of my country .
Hello , is someone looking at my diary ?
It 's kind of hard to know what to write next .
Every time I tell them about my personal affairs , sorrow and happiness , they always think `` what a poor and weak guy , he takes tiny things so seriously . `` Every time I try my best to help some of them , they think `` it 's good , but he should do it anyway and do better next time . ``
I hope he is all fine .
Helping people makes me happy and volunteering is great !
I have got drunk , recently .
( there were n't many students in the 4th class ) A few minutes later , the teacher came to me , meaning he will be shooting . 3 , 2 , 1 . . . then the teacher kicked the ball !
So , I make my living by the scholarship and savings .
It is around 40 minutes past 12 ( ? ) .
According to the internet news media , the initial sales of the Google phone amounted to twenty thousand in the first week .
I 'll practice singing some foreign songs !
Add diced tofu .
Since many kinds of chocolates can be bought around this time of the year , it 's a good season for a sweet tooth like me !
I wonder how long it 'll be like this OR continue . . .
To me , she has a bad temper .
There are 11 episodes in all .
All of them live in Hiroshima , Japan .
And I went to school directly .
I do n't know why it 's so hard for me to learn English ! ! !
It took 2 hours to get there .
Sincerely ,
This makes me very sad .
I do not expect and I do not believe in love anymore .
I 'm 21 years old and a university student .
Anyway , there is still one year left , thank god it 's not too late before I realized it .
This is my first English diary .
In the email he said , `` Sorry , I ca n't go to your wedding party . . .
I fell down on the street .
Its sound is so clear !
I will share my life and my feelings with you if you will be my friend .
After you 've finished your first 500 you will probably wish you never have to fold another crane again .
I might come here again .
When I was an elementary school student , my classrooms had bookshelves .
Snow is melting fast under the shining sun .
One is that I can help my students improve their character .
I really believe that she is my great adviser and supporter .
I am in charge of 26 cosmetic shops .
I had only read the first part of the textbook , because after realizing that I had to write an essay , I could n't afford to read the remaining part of it .
I do that every week on Friday and when I 'm finished , my weekend is started .
Maybe I 'm too tired after so many times of failures , so I have gradually lost my passion of being a hard - working student , which is very dangerous before I pass the exams ,
He grabbed a 2nd chance .
I admire [ that ] they have the power [ to be so playful . ]
I want to get used to wearing new shoes early .
Sure , one would be happy to get older , wiser and more independent , but I ca n't help but look back and see that there are many things I wanted to do but never dared or had the possibility to .
I was pleased a little .
The Japanese national football team is often called `` Samurai Blue `` by the Japanese media and fans .
Passport Stamp Exemption
I worked hard for 5 hours today , like weeding a large amount of dandelions , washing tiles on the ground around their house and spreading specific sand between the tiles .
I 've been in trouble many times , mostly due to my lack of capability .
Not just shower . . .
I often listen to YUI , RADWIMPS , BUMP OF CHICKEN , SukimaSwitch ,
Life needs strong people who have the ability to live and adapt to all of life 's conditions .
The process is quite complicated , but I 'm looking forward to experiencing new world !
The summers arehot and the winters are very cool .
But everything in the mail was incorrect .
I heard on the news that cherry trees in Tokyo are in full bloom right now .
There were lots of people of tourists there
But I only spent about 15 minutes doing this , the rest of the timeI was just sitting there and chatting with my friends .
It has been a few days since I moved to my new office .
My grammar is not good , but please read and feel free to correct mistakes !
I heard a scary story about it .
What is worse , I did n't drink water or take medicine and I still felt sick this morning .
I thought `` Oh , maybe I missed the airport that I was supposed to get off of , ``
The reason why is there 's a U2 show at the Camp Nou stadium on july 2nd .
He did n't provide another new one , nor apologize sincerely from the bottom of his heart .
It is natural that Japanese go to shrines when we need a peaceful mind .
But recently , I am beginning to feel that Japanese is very difficult , after correcting someone 's Japanese sentences .
I went to the often - talked - about H & M and Forever21 along the street .
Maybe this web page probably consists of `` table `` on html .
I think there might be some Japanese girls , but the majority of girls in each bar were of other nationalities .
A new term began two weeks ago .
Regarding the language learning , it would be great if I can get your help .
Maugham , who is now one of my favourite writers .
Actually , I 'm preparing for my sat / SAT exam on 7th of May .
I like to listen to Western music .
One was that one of my friends got married and the other was that my old friend had a baby .
`` This company never gives me important jobs ! !
For us to get there it takes an hour .
after my Chinese friend ate `` Kimchi `` , he said
As of now , all we can do is save power .
We usually make something sweet waiting for their return .
However , they broke up in 2008 .
But the problem is this :
Today , I accompanied my parents on their nightly walk
PlayStation Network has been down because of a hacker 's attack .
she listens to K - POP music every _ day from morning to evening .
When I was a child , I collected insects such as beetles and stag beetles .
I think each of them have their own specialties .
I worked long hours because the hotel I work for opened a bridal fair .
Our country had a soccer match with Greece
It was a trap . Have you ever seen a Corolla broken down ?
She smiled and aske me , `` Why did you chose me ? ``
Hence , my daughter 's door to show biz was mercilessly and categorically shot down before she knew it , albeit at no expense of any offers at hand in reality .
I want to move to Kyoto for two reasons .
1 week after the big earthquake . . .
Till now , I think that difference between ' see ' and ' look ' is whether it includes actor 's purpose .
If it ca n't be carried , I 'll take a tear - gas spray .
The results of the mock exam were returned .
I was supposed to attend my cousin 's wedding but Iavoided it .
Since this April , she has been in the community located at Yokohama .
I began to think highly of people who can still learn new things or skills or keep reading after their tiring work .
I want to ask what are you doing to study a second language ? ?
But few know all the languages to watch all the films one wants , so ex facte we need the translations .
It 's difficult for me to go out at night because I 'm a mother and I have to ask someone to take care of them when I go out .
Introducing myself .
I think it was because I listened to my voice record before going to bed .
Especially by the performance of the main actor . It was wonderful .
In Japan , salary day is generally during the 25th .
There are many various performances in school , so why do n't you try to have a cultural experience during the summer vacation ?
What to do .
because my some my work that I released onto my blog became a little popular .
This diary is the seventh one I think .
I guess that 's why he always went down swinging .
When a strong monster appeared , their machines combined into one in the air , and made a huge human - shaped robot , Gettar - Robo , to fight against the monster .
There were a lot of things different from Japan .
My activities today .
It hurt .
Maybe I drank 5 to 7 beers .
I joined Lang - 8 .
I also spent a whole day walking in the park with my father .
but it was canceled because of an idiot !
Now in Japan , lots of people are talking about give the suffrage of local government to non - Japanese citizen or not .
I have an important test at my cram school in December .
It tasted like a caramel .
I had to get up at 6 o ' clock every day , prepare breakfast , take the crowded train for 30 minutes to send my son to school , and wait for him at a coffee shop while talking with another mother for two and a half hours .
and they have to play too many games in a year .
So I do n't feel sleepy now .
They 've gave me many suggestions .
I have a chinese exam next month . I study hard .
Now it 's time at our school to take our ( or the ) final tests in English .
We need to be very careful to use them .
I read a book called `` The Water Fight `` by Oxford Reading Tree .
We requested from them their achievements in Japan .
Joyful saturday ( typing error night ) ~
However , new things always make us confused and I really realized some facts that seem simple but I have never thought about .
I warmed my self with a blanket .
The interesting name stems from this .
Well , this is the main story in this documentary .
Today , I resume my exercise .
China .
But complications appear because thoughts disappear .
The cause of the problem was the fact that we worked until after midnight today even on Christmas Eve .
There is a kitchen , a dining room , a washing room , and a fitness room .
I got an English recipe book for less than 1000 yen .
all of the exchange students are going back to their countries !
Generally , undergraduates have to start job - hunting from the fall semester .
But Japan had a few opportunities to counter attack .
I mean , my regular teacher is married with Japanese woman and has many Japanese friends , so I think he is familiar with the way Japanese people talk , but she is n't .
Unfortunately , my friend is one of the customers who wants to be hypnotized .
My payday is still 2 weeks away .
I did n't major in English at uni so I was lucky to be asked to do the job first .
1 ) I am fed up of this job already .
What is true love ?
Please remember me and correct my English !
Last evening , it troubled me .
I have studied English for five years .
At the same time , there was a guy who was on a motorbike who was stuck in the crowd like us .
Also , my younger brother says ,
Thanks to you , I have come to like English more and more .
He said that she choosed to play tennis since she was 4 years old and lived with it everyday . Only today was a unlucky day and `` why do you decide this bad day to stop ( the work of ) your entire life .
I 'm studying programming and English in `` mos burger `` in Tokyo .
It was so windy that my kite flew very high .
She is the first person to visit me since I came to Australia .
so I need a new hobby .
The day of the exam is February 13th .
So rumor has it that it might not be her husband 's .
For the moment , the worst case scenario seems to have been prevented , but the size of ozone hole has been fluctuating and the recovery is expected to be completed in 2075 , when I may die .
S - pulse has taken the lead since the opening game with 7 - wins and 3 - draws .
I saw news about a bush fire on TV due to dried air .
( the red picture is me in the Olympic games , the pink picture is me in the Paralympic Games , those clothes were for training . ) ^ 0 ^
and she might not be able to master it .
Fortunately my wife got some free tickets of the exhibitions so I went there with her to see them , yesterday .
Points never come back , but I chose going out with my friend .
and immediately I decided to use it .
The night , I had learned a new word : naked chat .
Today , l met my Chinese friend
So please teach me ! !
And I like the sea very much .
Is it similar to Korean summers ?
It used to be called `` The Day of Green `` till recently .
Yesterday I went to a nearby park with my family .
He said he still had ( a or a low ) fever , but is getting better .
if I do a mistake , please undersand .
I do n't read enough books or listen to enough English .
Fortunately , she found a new place and I helped her move today .
Last night I went to a language exchange .
It 's terrible for us students to memorise most of the chemical formulas in the organic chemistry book .
Sometimes if I find the quotation of another book or of a song : I love searching for it and begin the knowledge of another `` world `` .
Eating in a hurry may lead to stomach disorders .
I did n't get used to it because we do n't have that kind of culture in Japan but now I 'm used to it .
The Japanese pear was 250yen yesterday !
Was it a mistake ?
However I want to stay happy , so I will go shopping on the weekend .
Anyway , I have to study hard and gain more experience .
To be honest , it was OK .
Some of the words in the end are confusing , but please forgive me because I 'm still learning English here .
There are a lot of reasons why it happened .
One thing that I have an interest in is ' an electric book ' , that is , the Kindle from Amazon .
Would you think it was strange if I wrote something like this :
Completing hard tasks required by the boss , could make the workers feel better and more satisfied , because they prove to themeselves how much they can do .
Secondly , they have to live alone and pay for everything that they need in their life .
But , what do you think about tribes eating people ?
When you count two , move your left foot forward 1 step .
Recently
After school , I went to my friend 's house .
The Bluejays coach threw a practice baseball and I got it .
Yukai Resorts company limited baught these hotel at a bargein rate .
My room in my country is used by one of my family .
and the order of phrases in English .
If I call the US embassy , it it will take $ 20 . 00 , and sending a mail also takes $ 20 . 00 .
I borrowed the computer of another employee in my office . She if like a sister . She would like to go home soon but I asked if I may write my diary for 3 minutes .
The band constantly has some difficulties , one of the most upsetting is the drummer being called up for
I believe that I will become stronger and stronger by overcoming difficulties .
First , we can improve our listening skills easily .
In addition , this is enough that people should learn their native language , and acquire the ability to read and write , but they should also learn another language as their second language to make relationships with other countries .
I 'm happy to have 3 FRIENDS on Skype .
I realized how difficult for me to make French sounds was .
Hello , everyone ! My foreign language teacher told me about this site . I had hardly opened my laptop when I came back home and made my first diary entry . I hope I can make more new friends from around the world .
As time goes by , maybe they will rapidly progress to be good soccer players .
My name is Kawa
This is first diary on lang - 8
Roly Poly is a very exciting song too .
My husband went out to learn Chinese .
It was stupid , but I thought it looked cool to take a guitar everywhere during my teenage years , so I decided to join a guitar club .
I like Adidas ' old line - up .
And it seems an honor to me that I received an apple from my little sister .
Over the weekend I had a high fever , so I could n't clean up my room .
When Korea was annexed by Japan for about forty years in the early 1900 's , many poets and writers wrote many emancipation literature pieces .
I / we had a very fun time .
Since lights were invented , we never think about our life without lights / them .
This was my first time buying something in SEE by CLOE , but I bought four items in the end ! !
well , we are planning to go abroad together .
My apartment is not so big , so a maximum 4 people was OK .
My right knee is black and blue and the left one has a wide scrape .
I went out to buy some snacks at midnight .
It has been about a week since the big earthquake occured in my country .
That building was so fun .
However , I 'm going to a hot spring in Ikaho with my boyfriend for a one day trip on the third of next year !
Do you think I am lying ?
I was so tired in the plane but I feel so lonely here T .
But it 's true to say that I find it much harder than German , English , or Latin .
So we can not eat birthday cake then .
Yesterday , there was a public vote to decide who is eligible to eat free meals at elementary schools in Seoul .
I will write about them here soon ! !
In the middle of spring , it snows .
And I told her I would wait for her .
Which shrines have you ever gone to ?
And no matter how busy they are it 's not an appropriate reason to ask a favor .
I want to listen to English songs to practice my English .
Well , I guess , I am going to the short cut for fatness . ^ ^ ( ? )
That is what determines which class we will go to .
Today , I played the CD from the summer of 2007 , and the air is scented with the sunshine from that year .
Maybe I should find something readers can have an interest in from my daily life .
I enjoyed conversation with people I 'm not familiar with in my company .
Japan team lost to Korea team .
The world changes greatly , and some rules whichare applicablefor the past , may not be suitable anymore .
I traveled to Venice and Florence 3 years ago .
They eat , play games and sleep .
There were a lot of fish .
I think there exists obvious differences between the two words .
After I turned on music , and began to dance .
Then I came out of the wardrobe , It was very surprising for them , and I killed them .
We suspect that he ate the cockroach that was full of pesticide !
What are we suppose to do after 20 August 2011 ?
I 'm a member of the badminton club in my school .
In this case , speaking Japanese is most importantin taking care of the eldery .
And you must set it concretely , which means the plan must include a numerical target .
It will project 3D images without 3D glasses .
Maybe the special effects will not be that great , and the acting not the best given the financial restrictions , but the story can and must be good and interesting .
This is the latest in this series .
But as I woke up at 6 : 30 am today .
The second problem was that I got influenza after the funeral .
Since the day before yesterday , a typhoon brought massive windy weather and that 's the reason of the collapse .
I am a mother of three babies , an elementary school teacher , and a student of graduate school .
I made an American friend here recently , so we decided to go out for lunch .
I was glad that the Phillies won the World Champion but honestly hated the riots .
I want to know if that is how it is or if I did the wrong procedure .
At home the customer can buy just by clicking .
They fight often , but they make up quickly .
My daughter is 5 ( years old )
Although I was a little bit surprised , I stood up by myself a few seconds later and shook dirts off my clothes .
I must deal directly with American people .
recommend on television , popular TV programs and
when do you feel happy ?
It 's interesting .
Unfortunately , it started raining late at night .
that Ice cream ,
Take China for example , when scientists developed new technique to plant crops ; China could stop importing crops from other countries .
In the office on Sunday
He was concerned about that .
In the club , tree times a day you can see live shows .
what an amazing . .
You know , it 's embarrassing for your so - called / future dad to write something to you .
I went to English school after work .
I especially love Japanese rock !
It was a holiday today .
He promised that he will exchange the shoes for a new pair !
I just remain regretting
And after I rejected him , he disappeared .
I study English and find friends .
I want to keep learning English for business and chatting .
I finished the assignment up .
I strongly support the idea of keeping libraries open all night .
Even if they were / For those not interested in farming , there was a DIY workshop just beside the field where they could practice drawing pictures and making kites .
This time HW is writing a report about religion .
Now I love exercising myself .
banished = `` sh ``
I am staying in NY to study English .
My thesis is at least 50 pages long .
Nice to meet you . Would you mind correcting my profile ?
The Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross medley was also fantastic .
still escape beneath uninfected healthy cells .
I started learning Sado seven months ago .
Before doing the heist these men gathered at a round table playing cards inside a small restaurant .
Then , I met my English partner and we had a good time : )
April is a month of new beginnings in Japan .
When I want him to come into my room so we can sleep together , he always starts to jump around like crazy and does n't want to come into the room .
Thank you for the corrections Turkuase .
With this in mind , I could probably plan some strategies .
I just want to write and read English without any problems or difficulties .
When I saw this website in a magazine , I thought it was so cool .
because actually the whole career is about hm 2 years and half !
All of the students were divided into 4 teams and they made some dishes by using wheat they 've already milled .
I hesitated to show it but I could not control my sexual desire , so I passed it to her directly .
That 's all I wanna say .
It 's `` Love Story `` sung ( not necessary ) by Taylor Swift . . .
Use more than eight idioms that we learned .
It closes as soon as I open it TT
I am satisfied with my life that I can stay with friends , but it is a little pity for me in my life that I can not with my parents and my sister .
I was surprised when I opened Lang - 8 just now .
In Germany we use the phrase not the yellow of the egg ( nicht das gelbe vom Ei ) for something that was not very good .
I want to make good friends with her ! ! !
Hello ,
`` . . . I have n't seen any cobwebs lately . ``
Therefore I had the nightmare ( * _ * )
Of course there is a villain .
I was losing the sense of time .
In summary , modern people like to stay at a healthy weight , so these three tips will help them to achieve this .
`` Why is this a replacement ? `` you ask ?
I went to Roppongi after the New Year 's count down .
I could n't understand the mechanism though . I could understand that it 's very useful .
She did not say anything else .
This episode depicts how teachers professional teaching skills help students much more than parents can help .
Good place to eat # 1 : Demekin in Shinjuku
I felt sick when I slept .
See this video .
I read this book last night on train .
( A ) English is spoken in many countries in the world .
NTU opens a great number of general courses such as `` the morality and the life `` , `` public health issue `` , and so on .
I made a lot of mistakes .
So people in Tokyo are buying everything in the shop . So , I can not buy water , rice and paper .
On the phone , she said , `` Well , there 's nothing special going on , but I 'm wondering how are you doing . `` I said , `` I 'm OK , mom .
I hate winter because it becomes & nbsp ; cold ,
So , it is a very funny and complex relationship .
Global economy is flat recently , many companies are strike .
In my university I set up a big goal and a small goal .
Mount Fuji
B ' z is very popular and we arrived there at 5 : 30 p . m . in spite of the fact that they were going to sing at 6 p . m .
He gasped as he stare at what was there in his palm .
She said it will protect my mouth .
I ca n't decide
I will drink liquor with them after a long time .
Maybe for my friend , I was n't at fault , but for the friend of my friend , she was n't just an otaku .
Last night he wanted to read this article , but there was only an English version .
But , as I have some spare time on my hands , I decided to come back again : )
I really wanted to go to The Butchart Gardens but , I did n't have enough time .
I have been learning english for 6 months .
I want to change his taste in clothes
But , it is difficult for me to understand these two differences .
I want to make my notes more interesting for my LFs .
Some friend said she found a friend from university , who she has not kept in touch with recently .
In my school days , Jackie Chan was one of most popular actors for children in Japan .
You do n't have to post a correction and a comment for my entry because I have not corrected and commented to your journal these days .
I was actually going to go shopping last weekend but for two reasons I waited for two weeks .
And that is the story of the Self - Defense Force Festival .
Nobody walks in France .
Greetings , dundee
But it 's still winter in Tohoku .
That 's because , recently , I found a nearer subway station than the one I usually go to .
One day I met a foreigner on a train .
Whenever I go to the electronics stores , I try a sample camera .
Yesterday , I finally saw the movie `` Up `` .
Do n't you feel happy when helping someone who needs help ?
I would like to live by myself .
I 've been away on a trip to a hot - spring resort in Beppu for 2 days .
Pin Yin is like the alphabet in English .
I am investigating the solution thoroughly .
When I washed my hand , my scratch smarted a little .
If you like that kind of places , I recommend Tasmania ^ ^
4 : Put Fresh cream , egg yolk and Parmesan cheese into a bowl .
you can just wear ' Hand muffler `` .
I met a really kind gay person in the restaurant last night .
Many people visit this city from all over the world because an atomic bomb was detonated in this city at 8 : 15am on August 6 , 1945 .
The Ganges river is in Varanashi .
The battery was dead on the train back home yesterday .
After that , I went to Gastown to buy souveniers for my friends and family .
I am currently job hunting .
We failed in a contest for a 3G value - added service for Chunghwa Telecom .
So what I want to say is to enjoy the story , always read the book !
I had a fun time there .
I am not wearing a wedding ring , neither is my husband , because we did not buy them / any .
shh ~ ~ ~ I would keep that to myself .
that would even better , for I could check the real usage of the words .
Red , yellow , brown , and orange . . .
However , as Western management concepts and systems have become common in Japan , individual performance and outstanding individuals are required more than before .
I found another enjoyment every Friday .
So we could n't get on the roller - coaster which we had looked forward to the best , whose name was EEJANAIKA .
I 've wondered about the place for a long time .
He was a great leader and father at the same time , and I am so proud of him , because he inculcated values and ethics in people 's minds and souls .
Ok .
Please give me some advice about these things .
It cost 20 US dollars for that ticket , it ' s
I would like to learn English because I want to travel .
The inside of the house is ( much hotter than outside .
As most of you can guess , we were very depressed .
But I could n't explain these things to him very well .
Then , today , my lunch had definitely gotten worse .
he fixes it easily .
Dr .
Slightly less , 38 % of mature students expect to obtain new qualifications and just under a quarter consider studies an improvement of their performance on their present work .
Would I see a movies with subtitles or without ?
I would have ( laughed ) everyday because of you , and ( the day ) would have ended in me breaking my tummy , and being sent to the hospital .
The storyline , selection of actresses , and makeup all were at a good level .
If anyone of you also plays this amazing game , I 'll be very glad !
Language is interesting .
H : And at night !
Before I saw the movie , the theme seemed to ve interesting but it turned out to be a stereotyped movie .
We maybe think we have some honor because we are human .
We can take five days off from the 19rd to the 23rd ,
and the night view from the top of the latter is said to be splendid .
So , should the government control the Internet ?
Because I want to eat hamburgers .
Yesterday I went to the theater to watch the movie Red Cliff .
Today I went to the library near my house to read a book .
Till my boy friend sat near me , he started laughing at me and asked me if I knew the meaning of that word .
I want to change my profile picture soon ( ? ) .
Is this a correct conversation ?
I think this is not reason I ca n't get motivated .
I hope for your safety .
This means the beginning of 2 months of spring break ! ! !
Finally , when it came out , my boyfriend hit it with a gossip magazine and threw it out with the magazine into garbage .
He just sends his resume on the Internet .
We may consider changing the start time to 7 : 30pm or we may stick with our original plan of 8 : 00pm .
( attention : Japanese account is filled with Japanese slang so it is hard to read . )
I thought I would like it because my favourite kind of movie are horrible movies .
I did nothing except for writing down what the teacher explained .
I hope that it helps me to accept new jobs and find new friends .
Other argue that television is a ineffective teacher and overused .
I want to learn English , because I dream about getting an education abroad when I ' have left school .
I drew a rough sketch of the two characters in the game my friend is making .
This music is not that famous compare to No3 , No5 , No6 , No9 .
I have n't seen a person like that in Japan
I think it is weird because companies should decide who they choose , depending on what students do for four years in their student life .
And now , I have finished the arrangement .
I often use a single - lens reflex camera .
But I found that I did n't know her telephone number .
Of course , Japan also has beautiful ones , and I really like it .
He told me that
Most of them are religious paintings .
If you do n't have a computer , but you have a mobile , you can use the simulator provided by the following website .
Why do these things happen on the day of the important TOEIC TEST ! ! !
Are there good ways to join the conversation ?
I usually use a PC for long periods of time every day .
If you know please reply ! !
Did Santa Clause come to you ? .
Sometimes I attend some city marathons .
She recovered from the hemorrhoids recently .
Now , there are several ways to learn english for me , for example seeing movies , listening to music and remembering words etc .
But , I only have a few tests .
Such statements can be seen on Chinese sites .
This was because I 'd bought a headset for Skype , I setup the headset .
It might be a stupid question , but I 'd like to know the following :
So it is about 230dollars .
Creamed spaghetti with crab meat and shrimp and pectin
It 's a cold winter here in Seoul .
Also , studying abroad in Philippines became more and more popular in Japan .
Last Saturday , my wife and I went to myfather - in - law 's house .
However , You have go to the US to study english .
But he did not trust me , and said that I was lying to him .
I ca n't wait !
But it is for infants who are under 1 and absorb more nutrition from what they eat than adults .
He sometimes did silly things
I 'll try harder .
I know what they mean
`` Hatsu Umi `` is a translated word from a Japanese expression .
So far , I am in senior high school and my major is in art .
So I was reading a book in my room .
( no exactly ) ( ? )
I 'll work hard to improve my ability .
Even if I was a dissembler , at least I could help people in need .
I came to the UK ten years ago .
I 'm going tomajor in environmetal engineering and science .
It 's not very difficult , but it is interesting .
I finished my internship at 6 : 30
I can not wait for advice from all over the world .
The trial system lasts only for 1 month .
Thank you for teaching me english
Last night , when I needed my husband to help me immediately , but he just lay there watching TV . My son got up and quickly went to my husband to wake him up .
The books on blood
I 'll buy a new one if my laptop continues having problems and ceases to run properly .
Maybe she truly fell in love with him , but honestly I ca n't believe that there 's a pure love .
As I found a new word , I 'm using it .
Tolong dikoreksi ya .
Taking an R & D division as an example , an R & D division can be found near a hi - tech center or near some colleges while the headquarter is located in the center of the city where is noisier and more prosperous .
Therefore I I finished making the bread on time .
I was surprised , and on top of that I did n't have enough money .
Besides , the hotel has more than 6000 manga - books and you can bring anything into your room to read .
These are interesting and cool videos .
When the earthquake happened I remembered her and I worried about her .
My previous score is 745 ( the score range is 10 ~ 990 ) .
I got back around 5am ? ?
I decide give up on these nerouses .
I want to take the Society for Testing English Proficiency test
If I read foreign books ( not translated ) I have to read slowly because it 's too difficult for me to comprehend rapidly .
Japan is a mountainous country .
But it is so difficult , and I 'm worried that the sentences were n't grammatically correct , and that the sentences were awkwardly phrased .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
Some of you might know Rosetta Stones is software that helps you understand foreign languages using a PC .
However , I changed my mind because nobody knows the result .
When he acted this way , I was silent at first .
It seemed that there were more suitable bars in the neighbourhood .
Instead , around midsummer , we enjoy watching the World Cup soccer games held in South Africa on TV .
So my English is bad .
There are mixed feelings .
I do n't like the fact that I am a guy with such a loser 's nature .
notice if your urin is yellow that means the water in your body is not enought .
My vacation ended yesterday .
I guess I have to take action in order to find someone to correct my English ?
In contrast , babies do n't have this kind of problem because they learn languages following the track of those language thoughts .
When it 's done , I think I want my parents and my girlfriend try a piece .
Until yesterday evening , I had n't felt any signs of sickness though .
I am looking for good ideas , so that my body wo n't stay too fat .
I would like to practice painting them more , and would love to be able to paint them perfectly because I am poor at painting flowers .
I was eating some sweets and drinking coffee and I tried chatting in English .
I really enjoyed all of it .
I was envious of him .
Olive is a seven year old girl who wears glasses and is a little fat .
Now I can enter Canada .
but I do n't feel my level has been raised .
Especially , the Autumn is always fine weather and getting cool .
She was a housewife in those days .
And I am saving money so after I graduate from high school I can buy a new camera .
Although I 'm doomed to fail , It is an ordinary thing for me and I will do it again and again . .
Yesterday 's Chores
Party blues
I love them .
I tasted three types of cakes
I can collect my glasses next wednesday .
Sometimes , it is too busy to deal with customers in a friendly manner .
The advertisement was praised , because it 's original .
And then I left the pub and went back home .
I always drink too much when I go to Hawaii or the United States .
In English I can express everything using only 26 letters !
I want to watch the drama next year too .
The customers who bought bread can also get free coffee .
on Sunday , there it has a happy hour from 6 pm to midnight .
I went to Thai festival last week .
This weekend , my friend who lives in my hometown Nagoya , stayed at my house in Kyoto .
Someday , I 'd like to make a site just as wonderful .
I played tennis when I was a child , and I started playing tennis again one month ago .
Swimming at the hotel pool
`` The modern world is regarded as one `` is a correct sentence .
What we could do if we had some problems .
She works as a stylist in a salon , and I often go there to get a hair cut .
I wanna beat my girlfriend at Scrabble
When we arrived , on parking lot which was near start line , there were no cars !
I am enjoying Lang - 8 recently .
This difference robs me of opportunities to eat fruit ( ^ ^ ; ) ( in Tokyo I rarely have fruit anyway , though ) .
I thought many people do n't confess everything to others .
if I can choose one element .
On the other account , I study Korean .
He could speak several languages ; more than 10 .
It 's been about 5 months since I wrote my last entry .
The point is whether the conclusion of the last sentence follows from the premise of the the former sentence .
If player of KYOJIN hit a home run ,
I especially like raw fish .
but on a sightseeing trip only .
Her father is a government scientist and has gone somewhere in space .
The lecture says that their constitution embodies the United States itself .
`` I can sleep while standing . ``
Some shout loudly or scream , some take a vacation , and most women go shopping and maximize their credit cards .
The only unfortunate part of the trip was that I could n't see my friend , who is living in Inchon .
I went to the exam place with my friends .
I 'm going to graduate from college in 10 days , but I still have a lot of homework .
I have a new one ^ ^
It was difficult read `` The Korea Herald ``
I want to be a turist who can speak in the local language , it 's so nice !
I did n't do my homework after all .
We ran 10 laps like this .
I had a Soba for lunch today .
I know some things and I can talk about those but I do n't know many things so I am scared to talk .
So , I drank and became drunk enough to take a nap during the dinner .
However , in general the number of overseas people decreased slightly in 2005 except for in March .
Today I heard some shocking news .
So the story does n't come to an end .
Figure 1 , 207 . 87 . 206 . 103 is the internal SonicWALL firewall and it keeps sending fail / success alerts to 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 ( localhost ) , 4 . 2 . 2 . 2 ( testing DNS ) , 8 . 8 . 8 . 8 ( google public DNS ) and 66 . 92 . 170 . 40 ( X4 uplink ) .
So I waited for the bus , and while I was waiting , a guy walked to me .
She told me that I 've grown out of playing with dolls .
Thank you for teaching me English .
50 % of Japanese boys shape their eyebrows on their own at their home .
postpone : Our school postponed the baseball game because of the bad weather .
Because I thought that having a big room could lead to an expansive life .
A few hours later , my sister e - mailed me saying that everything was all right in the neighborhood .
I bought her a pair of earrings in Chico .
At first , I have to learn to cook .
What do I want ? What is the thing I am good at ?
I have been in north America like the U .
After abrupt rain ceased , having an arch of seven colors sometimes appears .
When I arrive at the last station of the day , my train becomes out of service and I drive into a garage of trains without passengers .
Grocery stores and gas stations that remain opened are filled with earthquake victims .
well , no one knows when it 'll be over .
The lecturer agrees with the reading of the author that Racoons have an intriguing characteristics however , they are sometimes misunderstood .
I attended it last Tuesday .
It was my second time to think about this .
Now , I often go there .
I study English mainly .
So I ` m looking forward to it .
In negotiating we should try to establish the atmosphere of mutual understanding necessary for an ongoing business relationship .
at last , I was able to unlock the door , and I entered the room .
In the old days gifts were sometimes poisoned .
If I found out why my motivation gets low , I could deal with it .
I used this bag for school .
The book is / Books are a better invention than the internet .
We three and others are acting in a movie which was shown in a theater .
A , or maybe Seattle because there is a statue of Jimi Hendrix , `` the god of guitar . ``
The phrase my daughter recited can be translated as such : If this world is not interesting , change it so that you can enjoy it .
His waist has become too big recently .
Unfortunately , there is only one airline company that provides flights to Ayer 's Rock .
And I 'm tired when I wear it even though I 'm not going to school .
Though I do not know about the United State 's mathematics education , in Korea , high school students learn probability and statistics a little as part of the regular curriculum .
Almost every dish was a new experience for me . I have never eaten them before .
But they gave me portaits with a message .
The new hotels are , for example ; low - end capsule hotels , high - end foreign hotels such as The Ritz - Carlton , and new - style hotels that unify ancient and modern Kyoto .
Little by little , there had been many customers .
I love to listen to K - pop and pop .
but it was very difficult for me to fry them . : - ( At first , I made a pancake with a frying pan .
He had already checked a place that we can ride a horse .
It takes over an hour and a half for me to commute to work each way .
I am sure that if I cherish it , then I will gain more .
Purchasing computers for students is a wise decision because computers increases the opportunities for students to access information that they can not find easily within library books or through current resources that are not even available in books .
I will have a good time watching it .
I always wonder if there is anything I can do for a whole day .
Do you have a favorite notebook ?
Masayoshi Son will be a new political leader in Japan ?
I 'm not really sure why I caught a cold .
Now I am listening to , `` Born This Way `` by Lady Gaga .
My imagination would make a big leap forward .
It astonished me that there is old Florence ( in the 15th century ) In this game !
So , which is the best expression in the CV [ created / constructed / made ] when I want to say , `` I made a system , `` and if they have some different meaning , would you let me know ?
The purpose is to speak English fluently for business .
It snowed all day today .
Summer Wars
Today , I was too busy to do my desk work , and it has piled up .
OKONOMIYAKI is like Japanese Pizza .
I have challenged myself to learn English many times ,
This is largely because when the price of a thing increases , consumptions of the thing decrease .
As for my English , my speaking is OK although it 's a different story when it comes to writing .
I am so lucky to have something I can work with because the economy is not really doing wellgood in Japan currently .
I was born in Beppu , which is famous for its hot springs . I grew up there until I was a high school student .
I would like to keep it up !
This year I 'm studying at a school there .
Congratulation me ! !
Most types of the movies I see are love stories .
I was done TOEFL testing today
It 's really difficult .
because there is a very big tree ( 2000 ~ 7000yesrs old ) which is
Today ( I ) play ( ed ) golf at myple golf club in Shiga Japan .
The Sauna bath is a high temperature and humid room .
By the time I returned home , I wanted to drink more .
To do it , you use a software called `` cipher `` .
So , I need your help , no matter what your mother tongue is .
Then I just started to read David Copperfield by Charles Dickens ) ) ) ) ) ) ) And after 1 chapter , I was out ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
It was clear and blue .
But I ca n't stop learning how to swim .
My first entry
Since I thought he was n't the type of person who is interested in social network service sites , I was surprised at him .
In Japan , a lot of shops play her song `` All I Want For Christmas Is You `` during the Christmas season .
If you order Hoppy at an izakaya , it is mixed with shochu , a Japanese distilled spirit , and then served .
Today , I also rested the whole day for the same reason as Monday .
I know my English is not good enough for business , but I will have to work with a client with whom I need to communicate in English from next month onwards .
Now I 'll tell about my first snowboarding experience in the Alps .
So I 'm looking forward to watching them .
He hid out & nbsp ; all over & nbsp ; Japan .
Soichiro Tahara , a political critic , is a famous person but I think he is suspicious .
After listening to her scolding , I receive a prize from my mother ( For example , she bought ice cream )
Many people also realize this .
But it was fun , and we decided :
So he said `` Well , I do n't know . If anything happens , I 'll call . ``
In my case , my friends and I can afford to go to restaurants because we accustom ourself to work and have a modest income .
Yesterday morning , I found my husband 's cellphone on his desk after he went to work .
Here , there is widespread agreement among everyone that the college student is God 's favored city in China .
I was asking myself why was I there ?
But , I should not make any excuse .
She 's caught a cold , so before he came , he went to her place and took good care of her ; making a meal , giving her medicine , doing laundry and so on .
I am almost discouraged sometimes .
I will take an exam on December 21st . . .
I hope I can plan ahead for it because the jobs are on Saturdays and I need to clear - up my schedule .
I sang for 3 hours .
I 'm looking forward to watching the concert !
I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not a simple thing for me .
Today , I called my friend because I know that she got married !
So in Japan there are 2 layers of high presure : the Chibetan high pressure and the Pacific high pressure . That 's why I am almost dying . . .
There 's nothing else to say .
I ca n't believe she has been
Well , somebody told me that you should find a girl friend and you will learn the foreign language pretty soon .
and it really effected the whole job , so I think today is not a good day to me .
It is very enjoyable though it is a little hectic .
They are very cheap , it only cost me 2500 yen ! !
However , he ended up getting the job , and I failed the examination . . .
Let 's chat on skype .
It was a very complicated image with fine details , but afterwards we felt quite satisfied with our accomplishment .
We are likely to collect new Japanese animation works for him !
But , I am not good at speaking English .
She wore a beautiful dress that her father
Is he a criminal for fun ?
Why do people use the e - mail function rather than ringing up a friends or someone ?
Then they started arguing soloudlythatmy friend became scard and could not sleep anymore .
I have 2 days off , it 's tomorrow and on Sunday .
My first day at lang - 8
My wife bought it for my son last year , and I had never seen them before .
It happened when I was on my way home in the middle of the night .
I planned to buy a shirt which was shown on TV .
but I like it ! !
Finally I needto keep up my study ofEnglish .
Last year I grew tulips and they bloomed very beautifully .
They are very good friends with each other , and of course with me !
What needs to be changed ?
She was n't aware of any serious problems in her son 's marriage .
This is my first day here .
She arrived there about 50 minutes late ' as usual ' and it made me a little annoyed .
Do you know about natto ?
In that case , I may be able to be friends with people who live all over the world and extend my perspective .
I naturally have poor circulation .
We can find gyudon chains everywhere in Japan .
To tell you the truth , I wanted to rent Julie & Julia and watch it in English because Meryl Streep is my favorite actress .
It will help me be to more careful writing the thesis .
I submitted some proof of identification , e . g . my passport , and registered my personal information with them .
What 's your favorite ice cream flavor ?
I worry about whether I can raise our baby in this country .
What words can you put in ?
My sister is a student .
Tomorrow night , I 'll meet my teacher who taught me during the time I was high school student for three years .
It was an interesting movie and made me think about a lot of things .
But this festival is the only big flame festival in my country .
And I made friends . Many Japanese and some from other countries . .
Aaron , the younger brother , helped me cook them .
As far as I 'm concerned , I hate the coming exam . This exam is going to be very difficult for me . . . .
I do n't know what makes them think that .
So I asked her about it .
me lazy , so I ca n't concentrate on studying ( English , Finance , IT )
We do n't have articles , prepositions , modal verbs , participles , etc .
One of the most popular entertainers in Japan , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , was arrested today .
I was waiting with my eyes shut and he finished my hair done in no time .
On the way to the bus stop , we saw some beautiful flowers , such as cherry blossoms .
I think if we can use the Internet appropriately , we could gain a lot from it .
I love to play video games
I do n't need to go to an English schoool
Some people expect him to get us over the hard times caused by the disaster , while others have lost their trust for Japanese politics .
I was lazy this summer about studying English .
This week is very hard for me , because I have part time job on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , I plan to play on Thursday , and go Kyoto on Friday . ( ^ ^ ) * Of course , I have class . so I must study .
After I got back to Japan , I 've been preparing to take my career seriously .
While we were having lunch , our kids had fun in the playroom .
Other students gave various other answers like
What advice can you give me so that I can improve my English ?
I read an English book , watched an English movie , studied English grammar , studied XML , etc .
But I do n't agree with the thinking that talent is everything .
Smoking is bad to my lungs but not to my feelings .
If I do n't have the deadline , I would be a person with limited English forever .
It was more terrifying than the quake itself .
Thank you for your support .
Nevertheless , the tomatos ate almost all the nutrition from the soil .
Well , I need to get ready for part - time job .
The movie 's story comes from `` Sangokushi `` , which is the story of three countries that were at war with each other in China 1800 years ago .
I want you to correct them .
Some tourists are very dissapointed with this fact .
We also stopped by the tax office and I filed in my tax return . . .
However , marriage brings two people live together in the whole rest of their life .
For example , I have joined `` LANG - 8 `` , which is an internet service provider that helps people to learn languages .
Masamune was a major person in the warring states , this period was from 1467 - 1568 .
My current project has become so interesting to me , that I 've almost forgotten about my studies .
I ca n't speak English well , but I always try to be the first to say hello and talk to people in English .
I think , a year ago , had felt like quitting .
5 points are important , I think . And these are `` enjoy learning `` , `` have purposes and concrete aims `` , `` think always about why you can not speak foreign language , and how to improve it `` , `` force yourself to overwork `` , and `` watch your step - by - step progress `` .
But I found out that I was not good at cooking it .
Then , I went to school .
I am emailing you because I 'd like to look for a teacher who can give me lessons in English next month .
Today , I was hung over . . .
We need to talk all the time so it 's important to learn how to speak .
My favorite think was and is music , whether listening , playing or composing .
The first photo is of textbooks on CD .
Now , all the people are discussing global warming .
The presents were a stuffed kangaroo , oil of an emu and a pendant made of opal .
However , there were a tens of thousands of people living in the gigantic city , andbelieve it or not I have norelatives or acquaintances here .
Both hers and his sounded the same to me .
Eto is a traditional Japanese custom which assigns 12 animals to 12 years .
It 's 12 o ' clock .
He took me many places that I 've never been .
The new apartment is located near my house , but I have lived here for 10 years
Kasia is always smilling .
I met with my friend to have her listen to me .
Well , I think there are n't any interesting things in my monologue ( or are there ? : ) ) , so I 'll finish .
I hope my bonus for this year is better than last year .
Why do the students who come to Japan really like science or math ?
But after next week , I will be free ! !
She plays a difficult piece on a fourth iPhone and sings very well .
Tomorrow , I have a part - time job early in the morning .
By the way , I am applying for graduate schools for this Fall
Actors and actresses cosplayed as characters of ONE PIECE and acted the original story .
so I have a headache and a chill .
Contents ; However , I think CNN magazines are focusing more on improving English than Times .
In Nagasaki , it is getting cooler .
But I was lucky today , because I went home early to learn my English hometask .
There were so many people and some of them were foreigners .
Only because I can then sleep well .
It expresses the hardships of care through humor .
Thus I spent a long time memorizing it
When my hair is cured , I 'll dye it again .
But unfortunately , I am overweight and have a wider waist .
But we had to leave soon .
good enough to draw my attention , but I saved my breath because I didn ' t
It was super cold yesterday , but I did n't wear warm clothes .
I so envy him .
You can also buy vegetables and fruits .
I 'd appreciate if you 'd kindly take your time to correct these sentences about the recent trend of the birth rate in Japan .
Do you like this band 's music ?
Now I 'm worried about home - stay .
So when we went out talking about his classes , he told me that he had a thought about holding a class at his home on the weekend . I was so happy that I told him that would be very interested in that .
In Tokyo , you can eat many kinds of foods from around the world .
My aunt lived in London for 2 years but she said she has never heard of acupuncture .
George the Monkey is cute and his mischief is funny .
The speaking section and the writing section are my main concern because I feel uncomfortable with them now .
If I want to practice speaking , I write down some suitable questions and ask myself how I can respond to them .
What story do you picture from these images ?
Almost all things are changing , moving and are becoming complicated .
I had forgotten this feeling for a while , but Lang - 8 has made me realize it again .